Request Colorado Springs Help Us Please
Hi I am in need of food for my 4 children we are a military family that has really hit hard times and we have exahusted all means of help just to be able to feed my family and make it through another night is all i ask i know our blessing is coming so whatever u can find in your heart to give is greatly appreciated
[Request] California, No cash and I could use some dinner
I spent the last money I had on gas today. Im broke until next Thursday :(
[Request] Hungry couple in Dundee, Scotland would love some pizza!
My girlfriend decided it would be a good idea to get off at Perth bus station when she was coming to visit me and has since had to spend all her money on a taxi to get to me here in Dundee. Any chance some kind soul would get us some pizza since we don't have any cash anymore?
[Request] In Canada (Ontario), just got home from school. Need pizza.
It's cold, I'n hungry, and to be completely honest I'm broke. My mum said we're having leftovers for dinner. A random pizza arriving would be nice.

Edit: We had leftovers.
[Request] Old friend coming to visit. Would LOVE to feed her some dinner. Indiana
hey guys:
 I love this sub. I think it's great. (Except the sob stories. I miss when this place was fun!) Anywho, I've given a pizza out before so thought I would try my luck at getting one. My friend, who lives an hour away and our schedules do not let us see each other too much, decided to come down and visit me for the night! I would love to be able to be a good host and order her a pizza to go with some beer!

Again, no sob story. Just looking to share a pizza with an old friend :)
[REQUEST] I'll give a two week xbox live code for a slice of pie!
Feeling under the weather so I called out off work today! I hate requesting because I feel like I'm begging so I thought I'd give back! 

(I'd offer pizza if today were payday :C)
[Request] Help me give back to my roomies on Friday
We're in Tampa Florida...moving to Ybor on Friday. My email is usfstuff@yahoo.com, since I'm having major trouble figuring out reddit's message system.


My two roommates and I have found a new place to live and are moving in on Friday. The rent is $1100 including utitilies and internet. My 2 roomies have very nicely offered for me to just pay $200 a month until I have a job. I am so thankful to have them as friends! This month all of us are extremely poor from paying $2000 to landlord (first+last rent+deposit). We also had to pay $310 for TECO to turn on the electricity.


I would just really love to do something nice for them and pick them up a pizza and a sub/pzone. My one roomie doesn't love pizza and she only ever gets a sub/pzone haha. Using a few coupons, I can get 8 pizza rollers, 1 large pizza, and a pzone for $11 from Pizza Hut. If anyone can help me out I would be so grateful! Pizza Hut is just the cheapest, if you have something else in mind let me know. I have an interview on Thursday so keep your fingers crossed!


The pic for our huge TECO deposit :/
http://imgur.com/B0uoo
random acts of pizza, i have a request, if nothing, direct me to the correct sub please...
(Request) I have given a few things on reddit, a copy of skyrim + 1 year of xbocks live, and soon to be a binder full of magic cards, when i can mail it. I would love, if possible, a kinder egg. I cant get them in the states, and I want the joy, and wonder, and hell, german chocolate.
if you think I am lying, check my submissions and comments, please direct me to where i can get some of this chocolate goodness....
Texas - USA
[Request] Queensland Australia, Recently moved, little hungry :(
Wasnt really sure what to put as the title, uni student, recently moved interstate (Victoria australia to Queensland australia) am running a little low on funds till wednesday, was hoping maybe a kind stranger could order me a pizza and i can return the favour on wed?
[REQUEST]We're in need of some om noms...
Austin, Texas

My two roommates and I are hungry as hell. We were all sort of counting on the deposit from our last apartment to help us out, but they claimed there was damages, so we did not receive anything. So, we're sort of struggling. Is anyone able to help us out for dinner tonight? We'd really appreciate it!

[REQUEST] Bummed out in Chicago. Too broke to go out on a Friday night. Pizza would definitely cheer me up.
I've been unemployed but working odd jobs. I worked a job yesterday which I thought paid up front - it did not. Now I'm sitting at home dreaming of pizza (literally, I took a nap and dreamt there was pizza in my fridge, but woke up to nothing but leftover pasta). Will pay forward when I get a chance!
[Request] Would love a pizza tonight
Been a lurker for some time, figured I'd give it a shot. Nothing special about me. Just moved to San Francisco and don't know many people, so I figured I'd just stay in tonight and hope for some cheesy goodness. :)
[REQUEST] Georgia, USA Please help me family of 6 including two toddlers and two senior citizens please read 
I am a stay at home mom of two kids i live with my husband his parents and my kids! The only reason that I am unemployed is because my husband was hit by a drunk driver a little over a year ago and was seriously injured and was almost killed! so i quit work to help him through recovery and take care of the kids while living with my in-laws off of their ssi checks (which are tiny)! Its the end of the month and we're broke! We are not starving but we aren't eating all that well either! Please be my pizza hero!
[Request]  Broke in ATL.  
Hey recently moved downtown, but still working in sandy springs so I am spending all of my money on gas.  I don't get paid until wednesday and would love some pizza.  I will definitely pass on the love once I get my check!
[Request] Make my bro in law a believer!
I have never requested a pizza before but I've given a few out, so I'm a firm believer that this works. However, I'm spending Christmas with the in-laws, who are sceptical about the generosity of Redditors. Please prove them wrong with a pizza! Will send a thank-you of the whole fam, including cat! We are in R.O.I
[Request] I am not a pothead nor a beggar, but I am an unemployed 17 year old looking for a job. Can anyone send me some pizza to munch on before I start the long job search?
You would make me a very happy person.
[request] Cookeville, TN. My dog recently died and I could use a pizza to cheer my family &amp; me up. 
It would be much appreciated, and payed forward later on. 
[Request] Broke College Kids and Retro Gaming Night.
We are a group of five local community college kids in Modesto CA, gathering to play some retro games (NES and SNES) and we are all dying for a change of ramen. Would anyone be kind enough to help us out? Some pie sounds fantastic (when doesn't it?) 
Thanks for reading.

FSM bless.
[Request] Virginia. Girlfriend and I our sick, don't get paid until Friday, and would love a pizza. Willing to pay it forward.
-I'm located in Virginia. It would be great to have some pizza tonight, feeling under the weather. I don't get paid until the weekend, and this would make our day. 
[Request] Just got back from a job interview they never told me was cancelled
Been looking for work for 2 weeks since moving back to my hometown.. Haven't had a paycheque for 2 months. Finally get a lead, two phone interviews, and an interview scheduled for today. I get in there, and the HR manager explains that they "Tried to reach me yesterday" to tell me not to come in. Unfortunately they did not email nor did I have a message on my phone from them, so I just wasted the entire last 24 hours scrambling around and spent the rest of my money getting prepped for an interview I showed up for and didn't even fucking get.

Pizza may in fact be the only thing that satisfies my vindictive rage at this point. Moreso I'm just really, really hungry and haven't been able to eat well lately. The friends I'm staying with give me a bite here and there, but they're very low income with 3 kids and I try to avoid it at all costs. Would seriously appreciate it, and pay it forward!
[REQUEST] I can't draw for my life, but I'd love a pizza!
I can't draw.. at all but I'd really love a pizza for me and my roommate tonight and I thought I'd try and cheer him up with some since he is pretty down today. I can try and draw you something in MS paint? I don't have kittens or cute cat pictures I can show so sorry to dissapoint :(
[REQUEST] Broke College StudENTs stricken with a sickness the munchies. 
We're a group of 4 college students, who don't have enough money collectively to buy ourselves a pizza, so we thought we may leave it to the RAOP gods (or goddesses) to decide whether or not we're meant to have this pizza. We live in Central California, and would very much appreciate a delicious pizza! 

[Request] Maryland
I hope I'm doing this right. I waited before posting, because I thought I would have money for food tonight. I tried selling some textbooks on Craigslist, but the person who wanted to buy them never showed up. The money I was going to get from my textbooks was going to be used for food for the week. I am completely out of food and very hungry. One pizza would be enough to get me through tonight, and hopefully I'll be able to get these books sold tomorrow.
[Request] O-Chem Midterm (before or after)
I have an O-Chem midterm in about 3.5 hours (2:15 Pacific) I have $1.80 in my account [http://i.imgur.com/qo6Oo.jpg&lt;====(proof here) ] and all this studying is making me hungry.  (will share with other lucky students in the Chem tutor room)

Edit: Located in Santa Barbara, CA. Here---&gt; http://g.co/maps/xvqg4, on campus.

[REQUEST] Will write haiku for pizza!
Starving writer, here

located in Savannah

just recently moved;

*


Myself and husband

both working but no money

nothing in the fridge.

*

We have much love, still

it's hard to eat out your heart

or something like that.

*

If you pizza me

I will thank you in haiku

customized for you

*

And, when things improve

I will pay it forward, too:

Zen pizza haiku!


[Request] 17-year-old, broke, could use some comfort food ;~;
Hiya~

This isn't my main account, but I have some friends from real-life who know my main, and I want to keep this private. I'm using an old throwaway, as I figured it might help to prove a little bit that I really *am* an active reditor. (Promise! :3) I used this throwaway to publish a story to /r/nosleep that got a fair amount of attention. (Check it out if you're interested.)

Anyway, I was recently diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and I've been feeling like absolute shit for the past week, and my family doesn't even get it. They just say that I'm screwing up and I feel like I can't take it anymore. (-<U+FE4F>-)

Some comfort food would be really nice, if some kind person (=\^.\^=) might be willing to buy me a pizza, to go along with my movie. I'll even write you a story about something you choose, if you want.

Thanks!~

**EDIT**: Oh, and fyi, I've never received pizza on my main account either. O.O
[Request] Been sick and unable to work for three weeks
I got an inner ear infection three weeks ago, and the vertigo is bad enough that I can't work. I'm a college student and I'm quickly running out of Ramen, hoping I can get to work again before the rent is due. If someone wants to send me a pizza or come hang out (Bozeman, MT) that would be awesome!
[request] Virginia USA just moved out could really use a pizza 
I get paid next Thursday I just a move out on my on own im using my neighbors wifi i could really use a pizza
[Request] TEXAS USA! Anybody into video games will understand!
I have a CSGO match and will be practicing until our the match at 9:00.  BUT...today is my GF day to work late and when she gets home I already know she isn't going to be in the mood to cook. Our money is tied up with xmas gifts until next pay day, so just wondering if anybody can help us out so we can get our munch on?! 
[REQUEST] UK - Glasgow. Student having a rough week and could do with an evening in and hot food.
Hi RAOP - I just came across this subreddit and think it's a great idea! Just throwing out this request. Been ill for the last couple of days and managed to have a big fight with my dad yesterday, just feeling a bit rough. Would be nice to curl up with a pizza and put a film on and ignore the world for a bit this evening.
[Request] Waseca, Minnesota Moving to Texas tomorrow.
There's 12 of us total, just got back from an outing, and we can't find our Dominos coupons. Today's our last day to be with friends before we leave, and would like to have a good meal, hang out and relax. Any and all help would be greatly appreciated. 
[REQUEST] Arizona USA Not a dollar to my name, but willing to trade some of my mad beading skills for some dinner for my family
EDIT: User IamSeth saved the day!!! Thank you so much! http://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/comments/1g3me0/thanks_iamseth_your_generosity_fills_our_hearts/

It's been a difficult couple months for my boyfriend (22M) and I (23F).  He is currently unemployed and looking for a job, and I am self employed, but all my income has been needed to cover our bills while my boyfriend has been out of work, so there is absolutely nothing left.  I spent the whole afternoon trying to get local assistance to put some money on our M-Power card (a pay-as-you-go program for electricity here in Phoenix Arizona) to NO AVAIL : ( all our local agencies are either full for appointments or not assisting those without children in the home.  So we are keeping our apartment dark and very warm (it's currently 108 degrees outside!) having to be extremely cautious with any ac use as our electric is about to run out.  My boyfriend ran around today using the very last of our gas going to job interviews and the required drug testing.  We could really just use a filling dinner so we can collect our thoughts and regroup since we need all the energy we can get to figure out a way to cover our very basic needs until we get more income.  There are no groceries here, I actually used the last of what we had here (some vegetables, rice, and tuna) to feed our two dogs.  Of course we would be incredibly grateful with any form of help from anybody.  A Pizza Hut gift card would be amazing, and any other help as well.  I do understand there are other subreddits for assistance also and I will look into those guidelines to see if it is appropriate for me to post there too.  

In exchange for any help someone can give I would like to make you a small beaded item.  I could do a brooch or a pendant with seed beads, crystal, felt, some semi precious gem beads I have here.  You could tell me what colors you like and I could make something for you or a loved one.  I am open to suggestions.  Included are examples of what I can do.

http://i.imgur.com/4rTLqft.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/HVsPqO6.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/ycN1RI2.jpg

Thank you for taking the time to read this.
(Request) Out of food, no cash, debit info stolen and waiting on new card. Any fellow NIU Huskies feel like cheering me up?
Title pretty much sums it up. You people here are ridiculously awesome for coming up with such an absurd concept. Bark bark.
[request] Somerville, MA  all my money into new place, broke on buddy's couch while he's at fam's for the holidays
perhaps too long of a title seeing how that covers it all pretty much. 
[Request] Partner is having a bad week, working all the time, and I'd like to surprise him.
He just started a new job and has to wait until the 1st for his first paycheck. I'm trying to do something to make his day, but we're both broke until he gets paid on the 1st. If anyone wants to help me put a smile on his face, that'd be awesome!
[REQUEST]Pay Day is Tomorrow No Money or Food Today (Redmond Wa.)
I keep seeing these videos popping up on YouTube. You know the one's with the really depressing music and the guy sitting in a dark room holding up signs. I figured why not try it out and see if someone is generous enough to reward My starving roommates (Brother and his GF) and I with some Pizza. I would put more info about our situation but I will let the depressing video do the talking for me.

[WATCH THE VIDEO](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bu57Uvqdh7I)

Copied from YouTube video
My Brother his Girlfriend and I just moved from Portland Oregon up to Redmond Washington for a job that we got offered. She currently isn't working and tomorrow is our payday as of right now we have no money or food. I have been eating my Christmas candy but that isn't helping at all, in fact it's making me feel worse. I would LOVE for a Reddit to give us a Pizza. Of course I will help out another down and out Redditor next week when I do have my paycheck.

Thanks
IkeLewis
[Request] About to move out of dorm, no food or money
I'd love a pizza and I'm in Austin, Texas! Just finished my first year at UT, big accomplishment! Craving pizza and a break from packing.... Help a sista out?
[Request] Broke, hungry student!
Would really appreciate some help, all my friends/ housemates have gone home for the summer to their mum's cooking, whilst I'm still here at uni and haven't eaten in 56 hours. And whatsmore I'm completely broke!
Please help me out if you can! [UK]
[REQUEST] San Jose, California - AmeriCorps alumni and severely underemployed teacher out of food and would be ecstatic if there was some pizza in her life right now
Hey RAoP,

My situation is that I just finished a term in AmeriCorps (http://www.reddit.com/r/americorps) now I'm looking for work and picked up a class to teach at a college, but it doesn't even cover my rent so I'm still looking for a full-time job.

I ran out of food this month because I was sharing my food stamps with another AmeriCorps to tide him over (he's a wiry guy that ate like a horse, and I'm just a wee 120 lb gal that doesn't need that much, so it made sense at the time).  I'm down to 5 packets of ramen, but new funds come in on the 5th so I really just would like to get through this weekend and also feel a bit less depressed while job hunting and lesson planning.  If you could please send me a pizza, it would make my night!

Thank you.  Hopefully someday soon I'll be the one sending out the pizza.
[Request]Pizza trade!
Just picked up a new job, payday is tomorrow! If someone pizzas me a half off dominos today, I will pizza two people dominos tomorrow. Go! 

Located in CT, will pizza two people $20 each, and the half off promo 9143 is in full effect!
[Request] A repost, lost my job and could use a pizza.
I posted yesterday but had no luck, sorry for the repost. 

I recently moved closer to work, and lost my job, so now I have to try and pay bills instead of buying furniture, so I live in an empty apartment and could just really use a pizza. I know my account is new, i was directed here by a friend. I live in Oak Ridge TN. Thank you.
(Request) Bowling Green, Ohio.  My bank account is 10$ overdrawn, I haven't eaten anything yet today, I have some eggs that expired in the middle of last month that I am going to have to pull the trigger on. Save me.   

[request] [Oregon] Broke until Friday, would really fancy a pizza right now.
The bank statement is sitting on empty right now and I'm contemplating "borrowing" some rice from work this week. A pizza would be great!


[request] Houston, Tx I recently lost my job, found a new one but still haven't got paid could really use some pizza right now.
Haven't eaten anything these last two days hoping Reddit can help!
[Request] Victoria BC, just had a terrible day yesterday and a terrible morning so far. I could really use a pizza today.
In case there is anyone out there who is feeling generous towards a Canuck.
[Request] Lonely college girl would love to drown her sorrows in a delicious pizza
Title pretty much says all. Tired of only eating ramen. I would be very grateful if someone could help :) 

Verification is ready!

Edit: I'm from New Mexico
[Request] It is random, after all. OKC pizza for one
Not needy, I just looove me some pizza. 19/F weighing in at a whopping 90 pounds and I have to gain *at least* 6 pounds before I leave for basic training (Air Force) on December 13th. Of course I'll gain the weight no matter what, but pizza certainly wouldn't hurt.

[Here is a picture](http://i.imgur.com/EJXAG.png) of my dog as a puppy to further entice you. Beaver's the name.
[Request] Redditor down on his luck :(

I live in Austin, Texas
This is a throwaway account because I know people from real life on reddit. I have been having a LOT of financial trouble and I barely have enough to feed the kids, the wife and me. I have no problem letting the kids and wife eat over me but the thing is we barely have enough money to feed the kids an pay the bills. After I get done paying the bills I only have about 20 bucks to feed my family. I go to the dollar store and buy them some food but they are getting tired of eating the food from there. I would be so happy if someone were to give us a pizza and would gladly repay you when I get back on my feet. I'm at work right now but I'm doing this now because I don't want the kids to tell me how they want to eat something else. I live in Austin,Texas and if you read this thank you for taking the time to read my plea.
[Request] Girlfriend coming over, pretty broke, need a pizza. Will pay it forward on Payday in April! (Kansas)
Basically, started a new job and my pay is on backlog...so a pizza would be great. Thanks reddit!
[Request] Sault Ste Marie, ON. End of month no food...please? :3
So it's the end of the month, and my room mate and I are beyond broke. We have no food left, and no friends/family to borrow food off of. Pizza would be amazing...actually any food would be amazing. Thanks so much!!! :3
[Request] Broke as hell in Brooklyn, no food in 2 days. I'm so very hungry. Please help. Will pay it forward when I get paid.
I don't like asking others for help, but it's been 2 days and I'm so very hungry. I had no choice but to ask.

I would really appreciate anything anyone can do to help, and I will happily pay it forward once I get paid in the next couple of days. I will also make sure to post a big, fat Thank You post to whomever does me this great kindness.

Thanks!

EDIT: roommate came through! No longer needed. Thx!
[Request] Broke, looking for some love (cheesy variety).
Hey guys, Philly redditor here. I lost my job last week and I've been getting by with cups of noodles and tuna and rice for the past few days, I'd really appreciate a real meal. My roommate's gone this weekend so this would be able to feed me for the next couple days. 

I'm sure people frequently say "Oooh get me pizza and I'll get you back sometime pinky promise" and then never cash in on that promise. Well I won't lie. I'm pretty broke, and until August when new job starts, I can't promise I'll get you guys back. So no empty promises for now. But I can tell you guys I'm hungry and broke, and it would be amazing if any of you could help me. 

Thank You
[Request] (US) I will trade you a lovely homemade scarf, the first one I've ever made or a new one, for delicious pizza. Also I will draw you a narwhal.
EDIT- Fulfilled! Awesomely!

I'm a poor about-to-be-a-premed-student-starting-tomorrow. This is terrifying. Pizza (and maybe a salad, so I don't feel godawful fat. Just a pizza is dandy too) would help calm my nerves. Alas, I have no spare money. So, I am proposing a magnificent trade- I will finish the scarf that I just learned to crochet on (which will be finished in three or four more days), and a drawing of a narwhal, for pizza. Or a penguin, or an abrictosaurus, should you want the picture sent off NOW, because I already have drawings of those. Both are pretty awesome.

[Half-finished scarf](http://i.imgur.com/c1Gax.jpg)
(I'm gonna finish the scarf in a lobelia blue, then black, and then maybe repeat a color or two to get it up to 5 feet long. Right now it's just about exactly two feet. Full disclosure, I did learn to crochet right before I started it, so the beginning isn't great. If you're willing to wait a week or two, I can make a new one from scratch that will all be nice. In that case, your options for colors are hunter green, pale blue-gray, a deep slightly reddish purple, lobelia blue, silver gray, and black. I can do stripes, and will do zig-zags but they aren't perfect. Stripes are way better. Anyway. Those are your options. I could totally do a bitchin' Slytherin-esque scarf (no coat of arms), or a black/silver/gray one, or... your options are endless)

[Penguin](http://i.imgur.com/hGWpS.jpg)

[Abrictosaurus](http://i.imgur.com/PDy9R.jpg)
[REQUEST] My bf shattered his ankle this morning and after the ER visit we are broke PLEASE help!! Northern Cali.
So after my bf shattered his ankle this morning we had to go to the ER and pay for the visit the xrays the crutches and the pain meds. After all that we are now dead broke and I don't get paid until Friday, would love some nice yummy pizza for the night!
[Request] Family went on vacation for holiday. Home alone with no food.
Left me here to go have fun at my parents cabin. I had to stay behind due to work obligations. Pizza would be nice. Very low on money. Would be greatly appreciated.
[Request] I need help!I know I'm a loser but I have no where else to turn!
Dear reddit:

I am a long time follower but have only recently just registered. A long story short is I am fucked!!! I am a 30 year old male from St.Catharines, Ontario (Neil Peart, Linda Evangelista, Paul Bernardo, Karla Homolka, Dave Thomas (SCTV), Alexisonfire, The Trews, etc, etc) who was evicted as of today and my place to live just fell through! I have no where to live so as soon as the sheriff shows up I'm homeless and though I have $40 on me I  want to save it incase I need a ghetto hotel room for me and my girl.

A little back story here, as I feel it's needed to shed some light as how I got to this point; when I moved into this place I was working steady overtime in sales but got laid off soon after I moved here. Not to worry I quickly found full time work, working midnight shift for a company called CCSI which had a contract to clean the New Food Classics plant here in St.Catharines. I have worked since I was 16 and am now 30 so no work was driving me nuts so I took first job I could get.

The job itself wasn't bad but the amount of corners they cut was very noticable. My very first day of work they told me the safety video was broken so I would have to do the training in a few days... I didn't get training until after I called Ministry Of Labor (Ontario) which was after I was already injured, but I I'll speak about this later.
 
I did the work no problem and was quickly promoted within 2 weeks, though that was partly due to the high turnover there as most people hated the job and quit.

While working there I requested training weekly with my manager to which he would reply some excuse about the dvd still being broken or doing it next week. Not wanting to be a bitch I kept working despite my concerns.

Fast forward a few weeks and we have an inspection from CFIA (Canadian Food Inspection Agency)so everything has to be tip top. One of the duties when CFIA comes apparently was the ceilings of the plant had to be squeegeed dry as to not have any condensation from the cleaning drip into the frozen foods that were being made there (ie; burgers, ribetts).

While I was squeegeeing the cook room while my co-workers were out smoking, not working, I spent 2 and a half hrs doing it myself with a squeegee on the end of a 20 ft pole. Afterwards I couldn't move my neck without severe pain and later after my shift I couldn't sit in a chair without severe pain. I tried to sleep as it was the end of a midnight shift but my muscles would spasm to the point I couldn't sleep. I then called TeleHealth and they advised I go to a walk in clinic.

There I was diagnosed with a sprain of the left and right traps and lats, I think, traps for sure though.and sent for 3 months of physio due to the severity of the sprain. I did the entire 3 months but still no relief but the entire time my pysiotherapist is telling me there is something more there,

A month later Im at a hospital with insane back pain after vaccuming which I hadnt done since injury and I get x-rays. Doctor at hospital I need to see family doctor and have MRI.

See family doctor a month later, do some tests and he sends me for MRI. MRI results come back a month and half later. 2 herniated discs, spinal stenosis and degenerative bone disease caused by injury at work. Prognosis: No bending, No lifting, No twisting... FOR LIFE!

July 4th I see a neurologist for an EMG to determine whether I have back surgery but I have already been told they can't fix my back it will only be if it can improve my quality of life.

Oh and because WSIB says my back should be healed because its only a back sprain that takes 3 months to heal, I am all better, I have no income, no food, am being evicted as of today (June 25th) for back rent 3 months ($3300) but on the bright side I do have a lawyer but it's taking forever and welfare is not enough!!

Can reddit help with a pizza for what may be my last night indoors for a while? 

I can prove anything I just dont have a scanner so I would have to take a photo with cell and upload it.

  
[Request] Haven't eaten in about three days... really, REALLY hungry in Richmond, CA
I don't like asking for hand outs, honestly, but some Pizza for my boyfriend and I would be fantastic and beyond appreciated!
[Request] I am having a bad day, I don't get paid till friday, and my fridge is empty.... I could really use a pizza.
I will send an offer on friday to return the favor and keep it going.
[Request] Going through a heart wrenching time with respect to money, love and family.
Student living in waterloo, ontario. Sometimes all one needs to feel better in a time like this, is just drown your sorrows in a greasy pizza. Thanks
[Request] [Auckland, New Zealand] Broke and want to feed sick fiancee, please help
Once I'm stable again in a couple of paychecks (4-6 weeks! :( ) I plan to reciprocate.
[Request] Broke college student who just ate his last hot pocket in Chattanooga, TN.
Title pretty much says it all, would love a pizza to share amongst my roommates while we study!
[Request] Pizza for a hungry college couple
Money's tight and we need to go grocery shopping. Down to chicken stock and ramen noodle. Was hoping to get a ROAP before work tonight, we live in the DC metropolitan area, specifically Northern VA
[Request] SoCal, Just a college student on his final stretch and last dime.
My life isn't particularly terrible or anything, but I'm spending from now until tuesday buried in books and essays preparing for next weeks finals, and that's just no fun. I have $5 left for the semester, but it's gonna need to be spent on 7/11 coffee to get me through. I'd love a pizza for morale and just to be done with my stockpile of microwave bagel bites (even though they were amazing about 15 boxes ago.)

I'm a big fan of Dominos, but obviously, anything would be more than appreciated.

Also, when school's out and I'm back home, it will be easier to come by money and I would love to return the favor. 
Thanks in advance, and hell thanks for anyone who has given on this subreddit, just for being a kickass person.
(Request) pizza for a hungry man
Hey everybody , as I opened my fridge I realized that I have nothing for dinner! Can someone help a pizza lover out?
[Request] Maine USA Ran out of quarters for the dollar menu, would truly appreciate a RAoP
Long time lurker here...
As the title says, I've been living off of the dollar menu for the past two weeks on change I've saved up. I ran out of change yesterday, and I don't get paid until Tuesday. The only thing I want is at least one decent meal until then.

Anyone who helps me out will get a pizza when I get my check and one internet hug :D
[REQUEST] I was hit a drunk driver last night
As the title says I was hit by a drunk driver. It was 2am last night and was 5 blocks away from my friends house. I was driving him home after his farewell party, he is leaving the city on Monday. 

I was coming down a one way street with the right of way and no stop sign/light. He blew thru a stop sign and t-boned me. Before I even got out of my car to start dealing with everything he fled the scene leaving his friend behind in the passenger seat. This guy was visibly drunk and acted as if nothing happened. He fled 20 min after it happened.

I don't get paid until the end of the month but will pay forward as soon as I get my paycheck.

TL;DR drunk drivers suck
REQUEST:Just need someone to call in my order.
dropped my phone in the mop bucket today and the only number I remember is not around
[Request] Just moved to Eastside WA, brought wife, found job. Dinner would make the move complete.
Hi RAOP redditors,

I recently moved up to Kirkland, WA, and due to less than happy circumstances had to move my wife up when our finances were less than ideal in order to get her out of them. While the hope was to move her up when our finances were more stable, it just didn't pan out that way.

The good news is that it meant I got to be with her sooner. The bad news is that it's meant having no money for much food at all - in fact, we ran out of food this evening. We're waiting on some sales on craigslist to get through and see us through the weekend, but it doesn't look like those will happen tonight.

I would be deeply grateful if the pizza fairy made its visit tonight, and so here is my story. Thank you.
[Request] Make a Dallas family of 4's July 4th Holiday Weekend.
Been really hard times for the entire family. Let me surprise my girl and 2 boys with pizza! They haven't had anything but ramen and rice in weeks. 
[Request] Florida USA looking for some pizza
I've been applying to all the fast food restaurants (and other places too!) in my area but no offers so far. We have some food for the next couple days until payday but a pizza would help a lot. I can't offer anything besides my word that when I find a job I'll pizza someone too. 

thank you! :)
[Request] Craving a Pizza !
Two Students Based in Liverpool, Very Skint at the moment, would appreciate to have such a luxury!

Cheers
[Request] I have come here to chew bubblegum and request pizza
and I'm all out of bubblegum.
(REQUEST) NC Hungry and broke
I am very hungry dont have anymoney and there is no food send me a e-giftcard please
[Request] Me and my best bro are chillin tonight and would dig a pie. No sob story, just hungry and broke.
Title is pretty much everything. From Michigan and just hungry for a pie. We dig all meats but not too big on greens, ya dig? Glory to whoever can give us something to munch on. Got my grandma and aunt around, so two pies wouldn't be half bad either, but beggars can't be choosers.
Request: Locust Grove, GA
I would like to request someone to send a pizza to my mom. She and my dad divocred (it was final las Friday) she has been having a rough time and could use some encouragement! It would be a blessing to not have to worry about dinner for one night for her, my sister, and brother. 

I know alot of people will wonder why don't I do it myself... well I don't have the money for that. My husband and I are currently living paycheck to paycheck like many others, currently only on my income, due to layoffs.

Thanks!

P.S. to all of those out there that are able to give and help those in need and encourage people- you are all blessings from heaven!! It's so great to see that gracious people still exist in the world. 
[Request] Broke College Kid needs help again.
I posted a long while back for a pizza and thankfully I got one from a great guy who really helped me out. I wanted to give a pizza back but I still haven't found a job. Any help would be great. sorry for another sob story, i know they get old
(Request) Hungry single mother, NO food until tomorow when i can cash my check :( 
Hello fellow humans, another sad story is the last thing i want to put on here or read. Me and my daughter samantha are hungry, we just moved out of state and got into a new aptmartment. We have no food or money until tomorow morning when i can cash my check. i would be willing to work for the pizza if there is anything i can do online. Im not rich but will pay it forward if there is anyone willing to help. Thank you :) Sally May 
[Request] Hungry college student in Wisconsin
Currently living on my own &amp; taking summer classes, haven't found a job yet in this town, and ran out of food :( 
A pizza with leftovers to last for the weekend would be AMAZING :)
please and thank you, folks! :)

also i have .5 bitcoin for you in exchange if youre interested!!
[REQUEST] No food in my dorm and broke until Tuesday. Pennsylvania, USA
This is my first time hearing of this subreddit and I'd love it if someone could help me out. I'm just about starving. :( Thanks in advance and I'll return the favor.
[REQUEST] Tucson,AZ. Been travelling all through Mexico and finally made it back to the States with low funds and plenty of hunger, would love a pizza :)
I've been going all down Mexico through Arizona street performing and doing various odd jobs to feed myself and come home. I'm finally here, and would love it if someone could help me with a pizza :) Anything will do, really. I'll do a backflip for you, and I promise to give back to this subreddit! 
[Request] Brookings, SD, USA, just lost my job, and could use some food
So I'm desperate... I lost my job last week after my boss found out I was moving when the semester ends. Being an idiot, I didn't have very much money saved up. So now I'm really hungry, and have no food, or money. I'll pay it forward when I find work again.

Update: Chaosmosis came through and is just so many kinds of awesome!
[REQUEST] Wichita, KS 67205: House sitting for a family and they have no food!!
Been working for a month and my job hasn't paid me so I can't buy food . Would love a pizza to get me through this weekend of house sitting.
[Request] Michigan USA. Don't get paid for 3 days and would love a pizza
Today I ran out of money and would really like a pizza, it's been a long week and it's only Tuesday! Will provide sob story upon demand :)
[REQUEST] Pizza for my fwb? (Madison/Middleton WI)
He's broke, he's hungry, he's a good guy who deserves a nummy pepperoni pizza while he packs for our [very expensive] move.  I'm too broke or I'd get it myself, we're both planning on paying it forward after our finances recover from the move.

FWIW, he's also too proud to ask for himself, which is why i'm posting, info sent will be to get pizza to him at home, if that matters.
[request] if this doesn't work, i'm off to beg for food on the train
I'm a college grad living in NYC. Interning to keep my feet in the business, freelancing and dog walking when I'm not interning. The money I made this month is just enough to keep a roof over my head and my heat kept on.  I have no food, having eaten down what's left of my pantry over the course of the month. I've had nothing to eat but condiments for the last two days. I woke up this morning with a splitting headache and cramps in my feet. Anything you could give is appreciated! If this doesn't work, I'm going to try begging for food (not money) on the train.  I really don't want it to come to that...

*
[REQUEST] Would like anything but ramen please
I am tired of ramen and anything that comes out of can. I'm really hoping someone can hook me up, because I only have a dollar to my name. I wasn't able to budget well this past month as I had to get my car repaired. $558.00 for repair took what was left of my check and cleared out my savings. I am broke till next Friday and desperately hoping for some pizza. I live in Frankfort, NY. Thank you for reading.
[Request] Hi, I'm from Scotland, UK and I don't have any money to buy food today. I get paid tomorrow. Please can someone order me a pizza?
Hi, I've ran out of food and I don't have any money to buy food until I get paid tomorrow. Please can a kind redditor order a pizza for me from dominos.co.uk .If you pay by credit/debit card I can walk to dominos 30 minutes away to collect it. £5.99 is the cheapest pizza. If you can only use paypal, you will need to order a more expensive pizza at least £8.99 and they have to deliver it to me. I have £3.20 in my paypal account I can send you. If you are kind enough to buy me one please pm me for my details. I will be forever grateful. I'm from Scotland, UK. The name of the pizza is below.

Tandoori Hot

Tandoori chicken, onions, mushrooms, green peppers, jalapeno peppers. 198kcal / large slice.

Personal (4 slices), £5.99
[Request] North NJ, Father and two hungry teenagers would like some pizza!!!, Broke till payday
Broke, My company is going bankrupt and owes me three weeks pay, I would appreciate some Pizza for me and my two kids..

Thank you
[Request] Broke chick in Metro Detroit area just ate the last of the edibles from the refrigerator for lunch today. Would love a pizza for dinner and lunches for the next couple of days.  
I don't get paid for several days and my grocery money had to be used for my gas tank, and to me, my gas tank takes priority (so I can get to work to make money to buy food). Anything would be welcome but preferences are Jet's or Pizza Hut. Be kind. I will be paying it forward when I do get paid.
[REQUEST] Tucson AZ, USA.  Spent all our grocery money on the vet bill
Our rabbit, Bugs got sick.  He lost 30% of his body weight and as a result his temperature also dropped a whopping 8 degrees F below normal.


We spent somewhere over $100 on his initial vet bill, Critical Care (this oatmeal like grain food to have him gain weight), hot pack, hot water bottle, space heater, and an extra amount of his favorite veggies.  I also work 2 hours away (seasonal position, I basically just get work whenever I tell my boss I'll be in town) and had to cancel my shifts for tomorrow and Sunday.  My boyfriend has missed work to care for him, and I've missed school so I'm also way behind.



He needs 24 hour care so we're taking turns sleeping and watching him, and both of us are never out of the house at the same time.  He's eating more, we're keeping his temperature consistent, but he's not gaining any weight.  His mate died a few months ago, so we think that's why he stopped eating.  This is taking every bit of our energy.



If he doesn't start gaining weight soon, he'll need blood tests, stool sample tests, and a couple others along with an increased dose of Critical Care, an antibiotic, and a probiotic.  The estimate from the vet was just over $400, so we're cutting corners everywhere we can.  Keep in mind, that money doesn't count for the extra veggies from the grocery store (our rabbits always get fresh veggies, but since Bugs is now refusing timothy hay, which is supposed to take up a large majority of his diet) we're having to buy, which is going to add up over the next few weeks, possibly longer if he continues to ignore his hay.




So, if you've made it this far, I'm just asking for a pizza, or pasta, or something from Pizza Hut, Dominoes, or Black Jack (those are the closest places to us).  If you have a random gift card for *any* restaurant in the Tucson area, we'll be grateful for that too/instead.  Anything to keep us from Ramen would be so appreciated.




**TL;DR** Our rabbit is incredibly sick, and we've already spent just approximately $131 on his special care, not including the extra veggies.  This was our grocery budget until the next paycheck comes in, and we've both had to miss work to stay and care for him since he needs literally 24/7 monitoring.  The vet gave us an estimate of $400 for extra tests he could need if his condition doesn't improve.  After we run out of the food in the house, we're going to be on ramen for at least 2 weeks, possibly a month or longer until he gets better.  Pizza wold be wonderful.
(request) Failed yard sale... hungry!
all alone at a yard sale thats not mine. havent sold anything yet....  and i have to watch everything so it dont get stolen. dinnertime coming up and food is scarce. plz help if you can
[REQUEST] Don't have anything to eat tonight - US
A redditor friend of mine told me about this sub-reddit. I don't have anything to eat tonight, no gas, and $2 to my name. I would really appreciate it if someone could help me out. I promise to repay either in another pizza donation, or in cash as soon as I get some. Thanks.
[Request] Pizza in Paradise
I live on maui and pizza is my favorite food. Can play some acoustic guitar covers or would write an original track, got a couple GOPROs at my disposal could do some action vids or like some Fabio beach photoshoot album. first time poster, open to suggestions :) ~aloha
[REQUEST] Burlington, VT College RA in Need of a Pie
Hey Reddit! I'm an RA at one of the colleges in Burlington, VT. I have an event with my dorm tonight, and unfortunately I'm a little low on cash. My plan was to get some residents together, do some team building activities, and then play Apples to Apples to blow off some steam from midterms.

Sadly, I usually need some form of food to help lure these kids in to take part in my reindeer games. Since I'm low on money until payday on Friday, I was hoping one of you lovely people could spot me a pizza. It's a small dorm, and anything would help. I'm not sure how promising to repay a pizza works here, but I'll hit you back with some money to one of "the big three" whenever you need it :]

Help some hungry college kids out, please?
[REQUEST] grad student in Portland, OR with $0.66 to my name. Pizza me?
I've been living off peanut butter and milk the past couple of days waiting for my student loans to disburse. The idea of a pizza, man, can't even describe how nice that would be.
[REQUEST] Florida. My wife went off to work and left me with no food.
My pay doesn't come in til tomorrow...no I take that back, tomorrow is Saturday, my deposits don't show up on Saturdays...so gotta wait til Mon.  
  But it's just me and the dogs roaming around in my yard and watering the garden til midnight when wifey gets home.
[Request] Broke, alone, and hungry
Hey guys,

I'm a student at a pretty good university where most students are pretty financially stable. Unfortunately, that's not the case for me. I get some scholarships that help a lot, but thanks to some discrepancies I won't see any money for a couple of days. My mother is a single mom going through some financial issues because of some hospital bills and I can't bear to ask her for some cash and burden her further. So I'm turning to this subreddit in hopes of getting some warm food for tonight.

If by some random chance of fortune someone throws some food my way I'll be sure to return the favor once my scholarship money clears through.

Thanks guys
[Request] Welcome Home pizza
Will be returning home tomorrow to Warren, Rhode Island after a long train ride home from Florida for my brother's wedding - will be getting in around 6pm, left today at 7pm - 23 hour trip with layovers! A pizza would be immensely appreciated.
[REQUEST] Me and a friend are working on finals, nothing to eat within sight, would really appreciate a pizza tonight :)
Me and my friend are in desperate need of some food this evening, and we can't afford one of our own. We're stuck at our computers working on finals and a pizza would really lift our spirits!
[REQUEST] 
Not in any circumstances where i need food just a college student in NE Iowa with a craving for some pizza because of my cafeterias weak attempts to make it.
[REQUEST] UK All alone!! ....
All alone in a seven bed after a long day at my work experience placement. Working for no money!
So please make my day. :)
[Request] Dominos BBQ Chicken Pizza in SoCal
I Would love you forever!
my rent is due very soon so I need to save my money but its either this pizza or ramen (cliche I know)     If you are ever in the LA area I'll smoke you out one day! (If you like that)
[Request] Graduated in May, haven't been able to catch a break since
Hey reddit,

I'm a recent college grad from Virgina Tech, Go Hokies, with a degree in Accounting.  I'm currently sitting on almost $35000 in debt, and I don't know what to do.  I just checked my account and discovered I have $200 to my name. My rent is $950, all my bills are due and despite having sent out nearly 300 resumes in the past two months, I don't have a line on anything.

I'm not one to beg or look for handouts, but I'm sitting here, constantly refreshing my inbox and Monster.com, hoping and praying for some kind of job offer, and have decided to swallow my pride for at least the afternoon and see if this community's good heart and generosity would give me a helping hand.

I wish I could have come here on different terms, with me giving out free pizzas, but I swear as soon as I'm on my feet, I will return the favor for someone else in need.

[Request] Pizza for a very pregnant and crabby friend of mine.
She's very crabby, very pregnant and all she wants is pizza. She's got two 5 year olds (twins) and a husband, but he doesn't get paid until next week.

If anybody wants to send some pizza her way, let me know. (Let me know how I can verify, and I'll do so.)

Thanks guys!
[Request] Got left by my fiancee of 2 years, she took all my petty cash and my worthwhile possesions, just bought some catfood with the last of my money, link inside. 
Forgot to put in the Title, Manchester UK here, sorry.

Here's a link to a reddit post I made the other day, people in the thread said I should try here If I need help www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/18bit1/fiancee_of_2_years_just_left_me_when_i_was_out/

EDIT: I'll pay it forward when I can, big time believer of Today you, Tomorrow me
[REQUEST] Sounds so yummy, but too expensive for us when the belt it as tight as is it right now!
I am usually the one who gives, but unfortunately like so many others in this economy my family and I have fallen on hard times and would love the special treat of a pizza for dinner. We would be so greatful and appreciate it so very much. I was always taught to give back what God gives you and I would look forward to returning the favor when the clouds part and the sun shines upon us again. God Bless!
[Request] (RI) Started a new strenuous job and would love a pizza for myself + supportive lovers
Firstly thanks RAOP for existing. I love reading other people's pizza'd experience. 

I started a new job as a baker for Stop n Shop after not having a steady one for the past three years. I absolutely love working due to my natural high energy level, so it's awesome! However my body is adjusting to the activity level which is one of the highest in my life - I also dance daily since I found rhythmic movement is necessary for me to regulate my emotions and impulses. However since I'm broke due to screwing up my landlady's dirt patch and rent being due, I'm on the beans/ramen/seitan diet which I don't actually mind at all except I dropped six pounds in the past week and every muscle in my body hurts in a new way. I can't afford used clothes from the thrift store anytime this month unless I get birthday money, can't afford to take the bus home, and I don't get paid til Thursday. 

The pizza wouldn't just be for me. Fortunately I live with two wonderful supportive lovers (closed poly triad). My bf helped me out giving me a lift home a couple times because cars beep at me and people yell stuff while walk home from work exhausted :( Our gf is in chronic pain and feeling depressed due to trying to be a bio major after going through two windshields and injuring her ankle BAD on the job when I met her. I would love to cheer her up with cheesy goodness, since they are also broke.

Thanks RAOP!
[REQUEST]What's a fella have to do to get a pizza around here?
**Warning:** *This may be cheesy.*
   
I would sure love a pizza  
the problem is, I'm broke  
I would use 420 as a reason  
but I cant, cause I don't toke  

my mouth is a' watering  
just typing this freakin poem  
sauce and cheese and cheese and sauce  
and Mountain Dew a flowin'  

oh how I could only hope  
to burn my lips tonight  
on a steaming melty greasy peice  
of a glorious pizza pie  

Im not here to look for pity  
but on this poem I must amend  
I felt like a baller on last friday  
but Im counting change this weekend  

The food in the fridge is old and moldy  
even though once it was hoarded wealth  
I would clean it out but I cant  
'cause it would be hazardous to my health  

basically what Im saying is  
I love pizza more than life  
and I would LOVE to take you guys up  
if someone's a' offerin' a slice  

*Seriously though, you guys are awesome. I love Reddit.*

[Request] I want to eat one more pizza in this room, since I am moving out on my own shortly and can't afford to eat pizza anymore.
The title says it all I am about to turn 18. When I do that means cutting a lot of expensive things for a while. So all I request from this beautiful subreddit is to let me have a swell time eating pizza :) [7].
[Request] Grand Rapids, MI...I will unlock your smartphone if you buy me some pizza.
I run a business doing smartphone unlocking. I will unlock your phone for pizza. I'm not necessarily broke, I'm just feeling lazy today. I can't do every model, and it's pretty much limited to either AT&amp;T or T-Mobile phones. I can't do every kind of phone, but here is a suggestion of ones I am willing to do with processing time involved:
AT&amp;T iPhone (1-24 Hour) AT&amp;T Non-iPhone (1-24 Hour) T-Mobile HTC (Instant [1-60Min]) AT&amp;T HTC (Instant [1-60Min]) Blackberry (Instant [1-60Min])
iPhones are unlocked through iTunes, all others are unlocked with a code. You are required to have a SIM Card from another carrier to complete the unlock. I am just going to give you the unlock code.
Also I have to mention, I cannot unlock your phone if it was put into contract on or after January 26, 2013...so please only older phones.
[Request] Southern California, hankerin' for a pizza, will give a virtual high-five
Hungry as heck, I'm just looking for a good pepperoni pizza delivery, by Dominos or Pizza Hut, or whatever delivers home. First post, tell me if I'm doing something wrong. Thanks, and Happy Holidays!

[REQUEST] Craving some Pizza Hut. Will pay it forward once the replacement debit card comes in.
It's payday. Money is in the bank. My old card was lost and I'm waiting on a replacement. Unfortunately It's kind of hard to buy pizza with a checking account. Someone mind hooking me up and I'll pass it on once the card comes in?
[Request] Visiting my sick girlfriend. Long Distance. So-Cal
New to this whole RAOP thing :x
I'm here visiting my sick girlfriend who lives a few hours away for the weekend and we're really hungry! 
I won't be seeing her this New Years and I'm using my money for gas :|

We would really appreciate it!
[Request] Two college seniors stuck in South Dakota over spring break because we don't have enough money. 
We've spent the last three days playing n64 and watching movies because all of our friends left and it's freezing outside.
[REQUEST] A pizza for a recent, unemployed college grad in Missouri
Hey RAOP! I am currently unemployed and just graduate from Missouri State with a degree in journalism. Life's been hard recently and I only have 60 bucks to spend over the next 2 1/2 weeks. My food stamps ran out and I cannot get back on the for another 3 weeks. 

I would love a pizza, because as of late, I have been eating one package of Ramen a day. I am about to go to the store to get my dog some more food, and probably will only have 45 dollars left after that. 

My parents are in a similar situation and really cannot help me. I have never been in such a poor situation my entire life, and some pizza would definitely make my situation a lot more tolerable! 

Thanks! 
[Request] Monday the 8th is my 25th birthday! Who wants to give me pizza?
I would like to celebrate my quarter century of life with some delicious cheesy pizza. [See how cute we are? (fyi, my British family visited, took us out for Mexican.)](http://i.imgur.com/gtysP.jpg)
[Request] Home alone with little sister, broke and hungry
Parents are at a party until much later - they forgot to leave us cash to buy dinner.

We're snacking on dry cereal but pizza would be great :D
[request] Texas USA Would love to chill with a pizza tonight.
I'm a bit tired of my pantry of noodles and my paycheck comes next week. There's no real sob story, but I would seriously enjoy a change of pace ;)

I will pay it forward on Wednesday :)
[Request] Finally finished my final class assignment for the year! A few more weeks and I'll be out of school and into the big wide world!
I'm excited for leaving school, and I feel like a way to celebrate. eing a high school student, I haven't got a job, otherwise I'd go out and buy ingredients for pasta.

(Y'know, come to think of it, I know the whole notion of "going into the big wide world" and "pizza delivered right to your door" is a big oxymoron :P )

I've never done a RAOP before, so I'm not sure if countries matter. I'm in Australia (New South Wales, Sydney, to be exact).

I'm a big believer in "do good, get good" and "giving &gt; recieving", so I'll return the favour to a random redditor next week once I scrap up some change!

[Request] Perry Hall, MD, USA Needin' some pizza. Out of money from paying for gas and xmas presents.
Being 17 and being payed $30 a week to walk a dog (with gas for the car taking up about $25 of it), I can't really pay for pizza that much. So, if anyone's feeling the Pizzamas spirit, hit me up!
[REQUEST] Toronto, CA - Lost by Debit Card, bank is closed today, fridge is empty.  I feel like a fool.
I went out friday night for Star Trek trivia (which I lost) and I must have lost my debit card somewhere from the trivia event to my house.  I didn't leave the house at all yesterday as I had no need to since I had enough food to make myself dinner Saturday night when the intention of going grocery shopping today...however My Debit card is gone.  I've searched everywhere and it's gone.  This wouldn't be bad if my bank were open on a sunday but alas it is not.  Since I have nothing to eat today I figured I've give it a shot and ask another redditor for some help .  I can pay you back or pay it forward as early as tomorrow as soon as I can get to a bank and get a new card.

Thanks!
[Request] A Pizza to help me work through the day.
I have a huge load of home work to do today, and have no hot food to make myself in my house. Absolutely craving a pizza, but I have no money.
[REQUEST] Enjoying a beautiful, high summer afternoon, and thinking of the eating pizza while surfing reddit- NY
There's not a could in the sky, and after a walk earlier I feel at peace with the world, rather than thinking of bills, loans and debt, for once. Nothing I'd rather be doing right now than on reddit! 

Based near Albany, NY

I have a verification code. 
[REQUEST] Gloucester, UK
3 lads wanting some pizza, will post pictures of us doing things for your amusement in return. we shall be your picture slaves. 
[Request] I have no money after paying PG&amp;E this month and could use dinner tonight.
That's all. I could go without it...and I wouldn't DIE or anything. I am in the Bay Area
[Request] I am hungry and would like to have some pizza.

[Request in MA] Would really love a pizza this weekend!
Would like to surprise my son.  :)
[Request] The food fairy is lacking in my home.
I would be so grateful to anyone, if they could help me out with a pizza. Other than the last piece of bread, I've been without food for 2 days. 

When people look in their fridge, or pantry, and say "there's no food!" usually there is a lot of food, just not food they want to eat. If you look into my fridge and pantry, you will see some butter, some cooking oils, and a bit of milk. 

Le sigh. ;.;

I live in Canada.

[request] Pittsburgh Pa Pizza Party
So we're having a house show. And pizza boxes make our lineup. So what better to have pizza at our pizza party house show. This one is 12 bands. Help feed hungry musicians and a house full of people with a pizza!
[REQUEST] Roomies &amp; I are broke until payday [Friday], and pizza would be awesome. We'll pay it forward! - Kentucky
Long story short, due to rampant summertime flu circulating throughout the house, our paychecks were short last week, resulting in a momentary budget crisis. Electricity comes before food. We'll be fine on Friday, but we'd absolutely LOVE a pizza tonight. We'll definitely pay it forward. 
[Request] Minnesota, Financial trouble and no food in the house, a pizza would be most appreciated.
Hello!

I'm down on my luck, and would love more than anything to have a pizza tonight so I can watch the Obama/Romney debate with some food in me! (Cause you know I will need it.)

Thanks :)
[Request] Brother tried to kill himself and I can't even afford to drive home to visit him in the institution.
Don't know where to start. My brother tried to commit suicide last Tuesday by ODing on the antidepressants he was just given by his psychologist.

I live about 300 miles away from home with my girlfriend currently. I only have intermittent part time work and just visited last weekend, so I'm too broke to go home again right away.

It hurts so bad thinking of him locked up in the facility, though my family can visit him 1 hour a day, and I call every day right after they're through to check up on him. Sounds like they've got him diagnosed but we have no idea when he's getting out.

This is half just to vent, I guess. Nothing is fun right now. I'm completely disinterested in my hobbies.

I know it's unreasonable, but I feel guilty when I'm having fun because I know he can't.

I wish someone could send him a pizza.

[Request] Help a brother out.
Morale is low at my work establishment. My department consists of 3 people so I'm not asking for more than one pizza, and we are not picky by any means. This would be an amazing moral booster for my team, and something we all will be paying forward in the future. 
[Request] No food or money until tomorrow...
Okay so money is REALLY tight right now, and unfortunately our pantry is pretty much down to spices and some old milk.  A pizza would really make our day right now &gt;.&lt;.  

Located in Moncton NB Canada!
[Request] Broke and hungry
only made enough money this week to cover rent. just smoked and could use a pizza.
[REQUEST]Would love to have a family night with pizza. Tampa florida
Were a family of 5.We just paid our bills so have no money left but would love to have a family night with my kids. If anyone would help make this happen. I would gladly send pics of us enjoying this pizza or anything else you my like within reason. There is a hungry howies that delivers to our area.thanks so much for reading.
 *REQUEST 23 yr old wanting a pizza...super hungry
hi my names Alex ("Angel" to friends) i'm 23, just moved out of my house today because my roommates didn't want to pay their half of bills and in the process of going through my first eviction even though i was the responsible one. payed for myself to have a hotel for the week so i wasn't in the street (no family here and not wanting to go to a shelter) and realized there was no left over money for food.
i was talking with an old friend of mine and he said something about the site. i couldn't believe it lol kinda crazy when u think about it but i wanted to try it out and see if it was a real thing. So if there is a "Giver" who wouldn't mind, i would be more than appreciative,

                                                                   All my Sincerity,
                                                                              ANGEL &lt;3
  
[REQUEST] Would love to have some pizza please Akron, OH USA
I didn't know there was a place on the internet where you could even make a request like this. Reddit is truly amazing and the people here are so nice. I find myself getting lost in threads, especially about memes, iama, and askreddit. I have to admit, I browse more than I make actual responses because I usually don't have the time to sit down and type out a response.           

So today I find myself with nothing important to do. I slept in, cleaned up the place, went for a walk and came back with nothing to do. Even the programs on tv aren't that entertaining. I have a choice between Keeping up with the Kardashians and Pregnant and Dating. No thank you. I think I'll keep the tv off for now.         

I would greatly appreciate something random and delicious, since my Saturday has been pretty ho hum so far.  Nothing fancy, but I would totally dig a cheese pizza. I would be so grateful if someone would be willing to treat me to some pizza tonight. Thank you.

[Request]
Honestly, I dont know what to put here. Im not preggos, I have no shitty roommate. I live with my girlfriend and my 2 cats. Ive been unemployed for 3 years and Im not on any kind of "benefits". Usually, I dont like asking for help like this, but unfortunately I have nothing for us to eat tonight except for a quarter box of Cinnamon Toast Crunch. While normally, this would be totally awesome, we have done nothing but eat CTC for the last 2 days. Im at the point where Im down to trade for a pizza or two. I attend Comic-Con every year and I do have some spare memorabilia Ive gotten in years past. I would totally be willing to trade somebody some comic-con swag for some food. Thanks for reading.  Oh, i live in Orange County California, fyi. Thanks Again.

:edit:Awesome! Got a pizza tonight from "truongbv" Saved the day!
[Request] Pizza for those at OccupyWallStreet
For those of you so kind as to offer pizza for others, I ask that you perhaps consider sending a pizza to those at Occupy Wall Street.
https://occupywallst.org/  If you click on DONATE it will take you to their donations page.  About halfway down you can donate a pizza to them.  I'll paste the instructions they provided here as well.

Order Us Food
Liberatos pizza  order online  order the Occu-pie
Please order vegan or non-meat pizzas 
Other local business that deliver

Here is the link to Order Online
http://www.seamless.com/food-delivery/Liberatos-Pizza-Parmigiana-New-York-City.2674.r
[ Request ] Just a college student looking for something good to eat.
I am currently on a diet and going to the campus gym, and I am maintaining myself healthy, but sometimes there are just times when I need to satisfy a craving.

No sad story, just want some pizza
(Request) No sob story, no starving children, just a hard working guy down on his luck. West Palm Beach, FL
Hey everybody,

I've read through a lot of these requests, and there are a lot of people much worse off than I, so if it comes down to it, I hope they get help first.

That being said, I would be extremely grateful if someone would be willing to help me out.  Like I said, I don't have a sob story, no little children's mouth's to feed, but I'm kind of stuck in a rut in life, and I think pizza might cheer me up.

It's Wing Wednesday at Pizza Hut, and I couldn't tell you the last time I didn't have a meal that wasn't prepared out of a plastic bowl or metal cup.  If someone had it in their heart, and wanted to help me out, I would be forever grateful.

Thanks 
(REQUEST) Louisville' Ky Would love a pizza for a husband and wife please
Hi everyone I am on here in hopes to getting a pizza my hubby just got home from work and we are both broke till tomorrow.and we are pretty empty on food in our home.would be nice to have a nice hot pizza for our late dinner pls.Thanks ...
( Request ) Husband and Father of Four
My wife was layed off 6 months ago. I do side jobs and it's been hard to find work. With 4 children ages 10, 8, 5, 4 it has been really hard trying to make ends meet. I can't remember the last time we had pizza.  Pizza would be a real blessing. Thanks for reading.
[Request] Pennsylvania, Im broke, no class today, but I do have two copies of DOTA2 to give to you
yep. like i said....im broke and dont have much but i do have two copies of dota i can give away to you or any random, or do whatever you want with them. So if someone helps me out, it would be greatly appreciated and I will pay it forward when the time comes and i have extra cash
[request] (Toronto, Canada) Just a hungry university student sitting in a giant mess of clothes, books and papers, studying for an Optics test
It's sad I know. I really dislike Optics but it's one of those courses I have to take to graduate (computer engineering), kind of irrelevant for the field I want to go into. I will be forever grateful to whoever the mystery-pizza-sender is and will pass on the random-act-of-kindness to another stranger in some way or another.
[ Request ]  Oakridge USA , 3 weeks of noodles -_-
Been eating Ramen and mac n cheese for the past 3 weeks , im not sure if its good for me but i would like something else. Im looking for a job and have been for 2 months so all the money i get has to go to bills and rent. 
Some pizza would be awesome right about now.
[Request] I'm 33 weeks pregnant and don't feel like cooking.
I didn't know being pregnant would be so exhausting, and I really don't feel like cooking today. Also, we've been on a budget and have only had rice and chicken for the past week, pizza would be a nice change!

Thanks for reading!!
[REQUEST] Crappy day in Ocean City, NJ
Of all the forums I've seen on here, this one is the most interesting, most interactive, and the most uplifting. 

Need some of that right about now. I think I sprained my ankle because I was scared I was going to be late to work. I was three minutes early. Then I got laid off.
My wife has a reliable job, but it's only meant for secondary income. Grocery day is on Friday, but we have to start cutting back and saving as soon as we can. We probably won't have pizza for a while so if anyone can help us and the kids out, it'd be great. I can't promise to pay it back on a certain day, but I will do it as soon as I can.

Off to the fun world of resume writing....

Thank you all for doing what you do and for reading my post!
[Request] Old throwaway account, embarrassed to 
post on my main [UK]
Could kill for a Pizza... i've spent all day digging a pond in my disabled parents garden, since im unemployed at the moment due to being a student, i've been trying to keep busy and help out other people at the same time.
Hopefully i'll get a reply for this :)

Edit:

Downvotes already? Awesome :/
[Request] Mozzarella, melting all over bubbling, savory tomato sauce. A perfect, light brown crust... yes, Yes, YES!!!
I'll spare you my sob story. Pizza would be indescribably awesome! This is my first time asking and I'll definitely pay it forward.

edit: F5, don't fail me now! If you can beat the crap out of the Reddit alien, surely you can help  make some pizza magic!

edit2: I would walk 500 miles and I would walk 500 more just to *be* the man whose pizza gets delivered to his door.

edit3: Mediocre, random, boredom and hunger-inspired fact: one of my highest scoring posts ever was a video on how to fold a fitted sheet.

edit4: I used to be a delivery guy. Cheesesteaks. On a very regular basis, customers would take several minutes to answer the door, yelling "HOLD ON!!!" open it, huffing and puffing, sweat rolling down their faces and half naked bodies. They were usually about as attractive as you'd imagine chronic cheesesteak takeout-orderers would be.
(Request) Happy Halloween everyone.(AR)
How is everyone? ME? I am okay, just really hoping for some kind people to help me out today. I will be home alone tonight with my 4 kids and my 3 nephews while my sister attends a party.=( Could you imagine cooking and cleaning up after 7 kids?? (YIKES) Could anyone please help me out tonight? I get paid friday and would be able to pay the randomness back.... Thank you
[Request](Biloxi, MS) Help a brotha out
So we've been living off ramen the past couple days due to low funds, I just want something different. Thanks!
{Request} Fort McMurray, Canada. Girlfriend said she would try pizza with meat on it if we got it from people on the internet. (because she thinks it will never happen)
I'm sick of eating pizza with tomatoes and green peppers or just a plain cheese pizza. I want meat back in my life... Like Bacon, pepperoni... basically a meat lovers pizza. I miss them so much &lt;/3
[Request] College student, pay check delayed for a week, all out of food pantry food, and haven't eaten today
I live in Iowa. I have never posted on RAOP but the very idea behind it helps to instill my faith in humanity.
[REQUEST] Due to poor decision making I had to move back in with my parents at 24. I want a damn pizza.
I quit my job to go abroad for 30 days.  Not the best decision of my life, but I would never get the opportunity to take a trip like I did again.  While I was gone, due to circumstances outside my control, I lost my apartment.  So, I come back after 30 days to no job and no place to live.  My roommate was kind enough to start packing for me after he had packed his own things.

Now I'm here, living with my parents who can't afford to take me in.  I've just got a job (I made seven dollars yesterday! Yay!) but, can't really afford to spend anything on anything extra.  I'd really just like a pizza.

I live in Alaska.  If anyone is willing to hook me up let me know.
[Request] Birthday Pizza (England)
So on the 6th it is my birthday. I am posting this now so that more people get to see it, If anyone would send me a pizza on my birthday shoot me a PM and I will be eternally grateful. No sob story or anything. I just enjoy pizza. Thanks.
[request] been living off eggs bread and soup for a week, please help!
hello everyone!
i am currently between jobs and have run out of money ): because of this i only have eggs and soup (i just ran out of bread this morning) and would LOVE and appreciate to taste something not so bland! please help me!! thank youu (:
so sad "mehhh" --&gt; http://imgur.com/QphZ3
[Request] Vermont USA, A pizza would be appreciated
My parents are out of town for the weekend and I was left no money for food, I would really appreciate a pizza right about now.
[REQUEST] NJ can't afford lunch. will return the favor exactly one week from today.
basically i have $16 to last me the next week. i don't have enough gas to get home. i get paid on the 2nd and will return the favor!
[UK REQUEST] Its 9:30AM, my house, wallet and stomach are empty :(
I read about this website a while ago and had a little read through it, but never had the need to register. Anyway, the time has come for me to make a post.

I just moved into a small new flat with my Mum, after my brother died recently and she couldn't afford to keep paying the mortgage for our old house. Everything is pretty much still in boxes and all the cupboards are empty, so my Mum has been leaving me money or a sandwich from Tesco or something to keep me going. We had an argument last night because she was drunk and she promised she would stop drinking, and when I woke up this morning she hadn't left any money or food, so I have nothing to eat all day long. I have no money (the wallet was a figure of speech - I don't have a wallet!) at all, not even £1 to go and get something cheap from Tesco. I woke up early this morning due to being hungry.

I am embarrassed to post on here so I hope I haven't done this in vain, someone please help me out. Thank you in advance.

P.S. I'm in the UK
[Request] Family of four hungry.
My mom is bed-ridden because of the prolonged symptoms of her brain surgery(she had a brain tumor). Stepdad has had surgery on both his knees and is the primary bread winner for the family. Brother works for a grocery store but he's putting his money into college. I'm going to college now and need a job asap.

A pizza would be great!

Edit: I live in Ventura, California USA
[Request] Hungry University student Tucson, AZ
I've been down on my luck lately. I have a job but I just can't get hours :&lt; (I'm trying to get a different job right now) not to mention that they didn't even pay me for my work last week (I've talked to them about it and I'm waiting for my paycheck but who knows when that will show up).  I did get a check to help pay for food from a non profit group my mom deals with but I was stupid and didn't cash it but deposited it. So I may be able to use it Tuesday or so but I'm running out of food. Overall I would love a pizza to nibble on for the next couple of days. I also do plan on helping people out here once my financial situation is all settled :3
[Request] Death is certain, Life is not.  Help keep me alive! Hooah!
Hello, 
30 year old from TX panhandle area
So anyway, i'm struggling! I live in a rural community with hardly any jobs or places to work, and i work online the best i can on surveys and writing articles etc.  I am a remote PC technician and have lots of experience with IT/tech field, but no clients in this area.   I haven't ate for almost 3 days and haven't smoked cigarettes either, because i can't afford them, and actually feel a little better, I just have periods where I want to HULK SMASH everything in my apartment!  I do however have 7mg patches that i acquired from the VA administration.  Yes i'm a veteran, but do you really think just because you signed a contract with the federal government they are going to take care of you for the rest of your life? No.  People that deserve disability have to fight for years to get more percentage of benefits and it's hard.  I am on hud but there is no income.  I offer my services for pizza or paypal  I can Remote in to your desktop or laptop PC only, SCREW APPLE!! and optimize and speed up your system.  No files will be viewed including photos and documents.  You can sit in front of the computer and end the connection at any time.  Will update and make sure you have proper protection and use the latest greatest software downloaded and installed right in front of your eyes.   I Can NOT remote in without a unique identifier and cannot do it again without authorization from you.  Services like this from major corporations can cost up to $200 dollars just for the same thing i offer and will accept pizza or donations.  ]
     Today i mowed a large area with someone i know to try and get money, yet that small amount of money is being saved so i can pay my late fees and rent that is accruing which is $100.  Since i haven't ate in a while i got very dizzy and lightheaded and heat exhaustion,  I am recovering from the heat, but hunger has set in.  If i violated anything i'm sorry, this is my first time on here i was referred by an online friend. Thank You for reading and your time!!!


[Request][Trade] Papa Johns Large 1 topping for equal Dominos or Pizza Hut
I live in a small town that just doesn't have a Papa Johns. I have a code for a free PJ Large 1 topping, was hoping to trade since the nearest one is 30 min from me. Thanks to you guys and your subreddit.
(request) colorado usa
Mmmmmmm pizza. Don't know what happened to my post. Confused and new. We are ready for a random act of pizza to fall upon us. We are cheesy, saucy pizza livers who can't buy any due to stupid injury at work. Pizza us lol.
[request] I'm HUNGRY in florida! (and just realized how many food related incidents I've had today)
I haven't eaten all day (except for muh cereal, but it was the nock of publix brand chereioes. Oh I also ate publix icecream, but someone left it was a milkshake. Not to mention the fact that I dropped the container spilling i....)

wow I just realized how many food related accidents I've had today. Anyways I dropped the container and spilt melted icecream all over the kitchen floor. But at that point I didn't care because my bagel was done. It burned in the toaster. Hurt but not knocked down I scraped the black off the bagel and put some delicious salmon cream cheese on it (if you don't have salmon cream cheese get some it sounds extremely gross, but is actually pretty decent). Finally my little brother (14) tried to snatch my bagel out of my hands. He knocked it into the air luckily I bobbled it enough to regain control of my delicious snack. Unfortunately, I also bobbled cream cheese all over my arms and face. but fear not! I took revenge by sneaking up on him from behind and slapping a large amount of cream cheese on his face (the good kind).

yeah. That was my day today (not to mention all the college apps I did). This is why I deserve a mushroom pizza. Cheers.
[REQUEST] I feel really embarrassed asking but I'm completely out of money and my fridge is bare. Hastings, England. 
So, I [wrote](http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/lsqto/i_would_like_to_take_a_moment_to_rant_about/) a week or so ago about the problems I was having getting the student finance company to get my loan to me, and it still hasn't been resolved and I've reached the end of my overdraft (they'll only give me a £200 overdraft until my loan comes through). I tried to go to my university to get some emergency funds and the lady I spoke to said I could only get a £50 bridging loan which seeing as I'd have to pay back in 4 weeks she didn't want to give me. And after arguing with her for quite a while about how I needed the money to buy food she said that it didn't matter because the lady who could've given me the money left at 2pm (I went in at 1:30pm, she was just arguing with me for that long). 

I then went into my bank to try and get my overdraft extended and they told me I needed to do it over the phone, went home and called them up and apparently I needed to go back to my branch and do it. And it would be shut by the time I went in again today.... 

So could anyone possibly send me a pizza or like... any other food? I haven't eaten all day :( 
[REQUEST] Would really appreciate a pizza tonight in Pennsylvania
I have been on food stamps for about the past 10 months because my job only pays a small living stipend, but my food stamps were cancelled last month. They were cancelled when my phone number changed and I didn't convey this information to the correct person at the welfare office apparently. Anyway, I have been working to get them back but it takes forever and needless to say I have been kind of scraping the bottom of the barrel, food-wise lately. 

I would really appreciate a pizza and will definitely pay it forward as soon as I get everything sorted out. Fingers crossed I will be getting a job with a full salary soon anyway!
Request Killeen Texas USA
I am retired army and a disabled veteran and I also have a cleaning business. Right now contracts are very low and so my income has dropped. The cost of the business has started eating into my personal funds and until contracts increase I'm living day to day. I have 1 bag of beans left on the shelf and the food pantry is closed for the weekend as a matter of fact it's closed Monday also. I work hard and that won't stop because I enjoy what I do, I'm just stuck and asking for a little help to keep my family fed and I hope to be able to help someone else in the future :)

[REQUEST] Pizza for daughter's birthday party.
Let me start by saying that this site is incredible.  First of all, it's encouraging to see so many wonderful people out there helping each other.  That's just magical.  The other side of that is while I'm not glad to know there are others going through what I'm going through, I am glad to know that I'm not alone.  I think that's probably the hardest part sometimes.  You look around and you see everyone else, and no one lets on that anything is wrong.  Some people make life look so easy.  I haven't know easy in a long time.  There's a Sheryl Crow song that goes, "No one said it would be easy, but no one said it'd be this hard."  I hear that in my head a lot.  I'm not looking for easy, I just wish every minute wasn't such a struggle.  

I will say this though.  Today has been an amazing day.  I came on here looking for help, and have found myself being able to help others.  I can't tell you how great that has made me feel today.  This is a feeling that everyone should know.  

My husband died a little over a year ago.  I have been working three jobs to try and support our two kids who are 3 and 4.  In January I went back to school to pursue a degree in nursing so that I could have a steady future.  I can not tell you how intimidating it is being back in school all these years later and being a mom on top of that.  It's going well though, and I'm excited for the future.  

We are barely making it each month, but we find a way.  My daughter is going to turn 4 in two weeks, and I'm having a small party for her at our home.  It has a modest budget, and I've been coming up with what will hopefully be fun cheap activities for the party.  What I'm hoping is to make it a pizza party.  It's just something that the way the bills fall and the money comes in that I'm not in a position to really splurge on.  
I'm praying for some help and appreciate anyone who stopped to even read this.

Thank you.

[Request] [Michigan] We just spent over $2000 in medical bills for our big fluffy cat's surgery, and don't have time to cook because we need to make sure she doesn't bite at her incision. 
Her name is Chinadoll and she apparently had an enormous hairball stuck in her intestines.  We had taken her to the emergency vet clinic and they did a bunch of tests on her and all of them were really expensive, and then they told us that she would need surgery (which was $2000).  She is home and getting back to being her usual rambunctious self, but of course she should be lying down and recuperating.  We're all dead tired due to sleepless nights of waiting around at the clinic and worrying about her, of course, and could really go for some pizza.

As for the story behind Chinadoll, she is a huge, fluffy, grey cat.  She is sometimes very sweet and loving but usually cruel, stubborn, and dominating.  She is always far smarter than us, very energetic, and very beautiful.  She has been described as a "probability cloud of evil".  As a kitten, she was rescued from being hanged by some young assholes.  My SO and I love our four cats as our children, and the other two people in our house see them as family, too.

If you want to treat us to pizza, there are four people here and we like Cottage Inn.  Other pizza places would be fine, though.  An e-gift card would be the best for this, I think.

Here are some photos of Chinadoll: http://imgur.com/a/AMKC6

Thank you for reading, kind Redditors!


Request ( Brandon Florida ) Unfortunate event Broke till next payday 
Car won't start and I need my car for work to feed my kids. I'm broke with no food in the house until payday. A pizza would be perfect for them until I can make further moves later this week. I will definitely pay the favor back.
[Request] us Texas.. really low on funds till I get my check tomorrow I receive direct deposit so my money will not go to my account till tomorrow at midnight
I know I am new at this website but my friend suggested me to come on here for the fact of how kind and generous you people are... low on funds will get my paycheck tomorrow but all my check is going to my rent and bills got approved for snap that will not be getting that till next week.. have no vehicle and no way to go to the food pantry there are not walking distance from here and it's 95 degrees outside I've been eating nothing but raman noodles all week and I'm sick of it a pizza would go a long way I will be sure to return the favor as soon as I get extra money thank you and god bless
[REQUEST] Kentucky USA i am so hungry. please i am begging...i would love to eat a pizza or anything. please.


[request] Need some good mood food
Things are looking down for me. No job and no money mean i will have to move out of my place. Trying to keep my head up as much as possible. I could really go for some pizza to keep me going.
[Request] No food in the house nobody home
Please excuse me if I do anything wrong I'm new here and all the information in the sidebar just confused the hell out of me a bit

A bit about my situation well I am from the UK living at home with mother and brother. brothers company he works for has gone bust he has no money and mother is at step mothers caring for her and left little food in the house. I am a fairly young girl I don't work because I have social anxiety issues and my dad is retired gets very little money on pension from the state.

my brother and I usually eat noodles for dinner on the days my mum is away but he is an eating machine there are none left not sure what I am supposed to eat and a friend directed me here. feel slightly ashamed to have to resort to this though please don't take that the wrong way. any help kindly appreciated though definitely not expected

thanks for reading :)
[Request]Chicago, IL - Thanksgiving dinner is looking like ramen. Unemployed and very hungry.
Hey all, I am in a real rough patch. Hopefully for only another week or two. Basically my story is I was laid off a month and a half ago. I had a little bit of cash and my unemployment so everything was looking not great but at least ok. Well an employer from last fall is contesting the fact that they should have to contribute to my unemployment. I had the phone hearing, I know I am in the right, I got a w2 from them with taxes taken out. But until the final call is made, my unemployment checks are being withheld. It has been 2 weeks now, well 3 unemployment checks. I have been steadily looking for work. My phone got shut off the other day and I had to use $80 of my last $100 to pay it so I can receive phone interviews. 

I bought some ramen and have been eating it for most of my meals for the past week now, my Thanksgiving dinner looks like more of the same.  I would really like some protein, something tasty and feel full again after a meal.

I live in Chicago, IL which has a million and a half great pizza joints but I am by no means picky, just hungry. Could anyone help a guy out? Once I find a job and back on my feet I would be more than happy to "pizza it forward" or pay you back. Thanks reddit.
[REQUEST] Pizza for high school kid who has nothing to eat
You know the feeling. Home alone besides the company of homework, three dogs, and the "nothing to eat" feeling. Will pass it on when I get the chance :)
[Request] I'm a bummed out college girl who's kinda broke
Title says it. I'm bummed. I'm in the midst of an internship with disney (you would think I'd make money to live on). I had a seizure the other week so I've been out of work for awhile, my roommates have been awful, I've been dealing with security all day and I would love to just relax with a pizza and a movie and chill. I can't afford my own pizza right now. Bummer. 

So does someone want to make my night? 
[Request] Pizza for a sweet LAN-Party!
Yo guys, i'm hosting a LAN-party right now and i think everyone would appreciate a little pizza, so we can stay up all night and such, so yeah. 

If we get enough requests we'll send pics of our sweaty, sweet party. We're only 3 persons though!

We're in sweden, so if you wanna send some food/pizza you can use this site: http://mat24.se/postnummer/62143

Thanks in advance bros! &lt;3
[Request] Broke and would really appreciated some Pizza( Austin, TX)
Hey, recently found out my mom has breast cancer and have been having to help family out with paying for that, which has really depleted my funds. To make things worse, I just found out that I am being laid off at the end of the week. Would really appreciate pizza if someone will oblige.
[Request] Send Karen some Pizza.
So we've all heard about what those horrible kids did to Karen.
If you haven't you can find out [here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l93wAqnPQwk&amp;feature=watch_response_rev)

I don't want to post Karen's address here, but that video has been getting spammed with the involved parties contact info for hours now.

How awesome would it be for her to be greeted by pizza and sympathy notes this morning?

I know I could have asked for this in a better way. But I just really suck at asking for things.
[Request] My boyfriend is a pessimist and doesn't think this will actually work. Said he would reconsider his pessimism if it did...worth a shot! Pizza pizza!
My boyfriend is a SUPER pessimist, and I told him about the pizza exchange. He said there was no way anyone on the internet would just give someone else a pizza, so I'm hoping to prove him wrong!
[Request] Mississippi. Hungry. Would be happy to return the favor at a later date.
Really really hungry and broke.
[Request] First timer, very intrigued!  Anyone willing and able to help a soon-to-be-college grad out? (Thousand Oaks/Newbury Park/Ventura, CA)
Test
[REQUEST] pizza for my parents and brothers in NJ
Hello!

I'm Riley and I'm requesting pizza for my family.  It'd sure be swell if someone could help us out. We aren't totally starving, but it sure would be a treat. I'm a senior in high school and I work part-time at a grocer. I have 3 little brothers. Conner is 14 and the twins, Ryan and Brando,n are 10. I don't know when my mom was diagnosed with MS, but she worked every day until recently. My dad is a carpenter, but was laid off and has been doing wallpaper for a year now.

I'm going to college next year (don't know where yet) so I can get a good job and take care of my family. They deserve it. I pitch it where I can, but most of my money is going to car insurance right now. 

We're managing over here, but it'd be so great if someone could help get us even just a pizza. My parents do a lot for me and helping them with one meal would make a big difference.

Thank you for taking this time to read this.

P.S. No I'm not cutting school; I'm on my friends computer during study.

I'M REALLY SORRY IF I REPLIED TO EVERYONE A BUNCH OF TIMES. MY COMPUTER IS KINDA OLD AND SLOW AND I'M NOT SURE WHAT HAPPENED
[Request]Just need some food to get me to the 1st. Haven't had a decent meal in awhile. 
I don't have a sob story, i'm just hungry and have nothing but condiments in my home after a poorly budgeted month. A single pizza could get me through the last few days before I get paid again. I hope to pay forward RAoP's generosity as soon as I can, but I need help. Thanks for considering. 
[request] Our cat decided he was going to lay on top of my pizza, now i has no lunch. oak ridge,TN
our cat always jumps onto the counter when we eat or cook, and begs for food, i always offer to him, but he never takes it.  but today he decided to lay down on my freshly delivered Hawaiian pizza.  i only got to eat one slice.  help a fellow redditor out?
[REQUEST]My sad story
Okay, so I'm going to try to keep this short, and stay with me because it really is a series of slightly unrelated events that landed me in my situation. Sometime on Sunday, my Xbox Live account was stolen, and almost $140 dollars worth of Xbox Live points were charged to my debit card. I called Xbox and got help getting a claim filed as soon as I realized. THEY said it would take 25 days, and I should contact my bank if I want a speedier return of my precious monies. They also said my Xbox live account would remain suspended until their investigation was complete.

Today after work, I did so, getting another fraud case opened by my bank. The banker said, or so I thought, that my card would be closed **in** 5-7 days. Mission accomplished, I head to the grocery story to buy something for dinner.   

I had my food items rounded up and checked out, when BAM! My card was declined. Okay... maybe they went ahead and turned it off for purchases. No worries, my bank is across the street, and while they may be closed, they have an ATM.  

Maybe you see where this is going...  

OM NOM NOM went the ATM, gobbling my debit card and spitting out a mere slip of paper in its stead- in essence it said "this is **our** card now, criminal."  

So that's it. No entertainment (by way of online video games), no food (by way of the cancelled card), and not even a way to get money (by way of the gluttonous automatic teller machine) until sometime tomorrow when I can physically walk into my bank and withdraw the cash from their electronic grasp. 
[Request] LCD Pizzasystem
Listening to 45:33, hence the title. Anyone feeling particularly generous?
I can draw you a picture, or tell you a story, or anything really. I've won a few contests, but never received a pizza. My roommate and I would be super grateful, as we'll be up all night working on our script for a Blaxploitation Zombie Comedy film (sure zombies are played out, but who cares). 

Much love to you all and the community.
[request] First paycheck (in a long time) is days away and a long-overdue pizza celebration is needed.
Hey RAOP!

Recently I found a new job after being laid off, I haven't had the ability to celebrate in proper fashion due to funds going towards keeping a roof over my head and electricity on. Was wondering if you guys could help me celebrate with pizza?

I shall pizza it forward once I get my paycheck as a token of my gratitude! thanks!
[Request] Was up all night with a feverish 7 year old, would love not to have to cook today. Canada.
My little man was sick last night and we both got little to no sleep. His fever is finally breaking and his appetite is coming back. I asked him what he wanted to eat and he said either pizza or Pogo's (corn dogs on a stick), neither of which are in my freezer. I am exhausted and if I didn't have to cook it'd be amazing, but I don't have the money to order out. 
[Request] recently homeless, broke-ass kid in Bellingham, WA would love some pizza, sick of cheap mcdoubles
Hi there awesome redditors!

I'm in need of food :( 

I have been living off mcdoubles since the 25th of last month when my rental company forced us out of our rental 5 days early. Ramen and eggs are getting old, as well as dollar cheeseburgers. 

I would love a pizza to thank a dear friend of mine for the $20 loan to pay my virgin mobile bill, paying him back tomorrow after selling plasma. Would be awesome to share. 

I could repay you in house cleaning if your in the area, or if you need a personal chef for a night, I have references! Or I can draw you some awesomely cheesy artwork since I won't have cash to pay you back.

This is my first time posting in this sub, saw all the kindness and was really touched. Faith in humanity can rest easy on this sub's shoulders. 

Sorry for rambling, just remembered this sub and thought it was worth a shot! Here's to hoping! Have a fantastic day :3

[Request] Broke until the end of the month and hoping for a yummy pizza.
In MA near Boston. Will most definitely pay it forward when my paycheck comes in. 
[REQUEST] I would much appreciate a little help...[Northern Colorado]
I'm at an internship right now and not only do I get paid diddly squat, but I don't get paid till next week. I have no money and no food until next week. I would much appreciate a little kindness and as soon as I get paid, it's pizza for everyone! well maybe not everyone...

I hate asking for favors, but I need a little help here...
[Request] A drawing for a pizza?
~~Not getting paid for a commission is the pits and I was hoping it would be my food moneys. I'm not very good, but maybe someone out there wants a scribble done for them?~~

[4 a.m. doodle](http://i.imgur.com/nJBSCZq.jpg?2)
[Some Dotas](http://24.media.tumblr.com/aed5a48c3ed93e43c8c088bb6c173ade/tumblr_mro5ecPNfw1qdkylpo3_250.jpg)

~~Edit: Oh, duh. I am in OC, California.~~ 

Edit Edit: I caved and bought myself a pizza with my haircut money. 


[Request] St.Cloud MN - I got a job at subway and can finally work to get back to school!
And I'd really like a pizza -- something of real sustenance to put into my belly before my first day of work on Monday would be nice. 

Planning a wedding? I worked in a copy center for several years and would love to give advice for printing and pricing.

Like music? I DJ and would love to create a mix of your favorite EDM genre in your honor :3!!!!!!

Thanks in advance my pizza heroes =^-^=!
[REQUEST] Hungry single mom in central Pennsylvania
Single mom in central Pennsylvania looking for some help. I only have enough food in the house for my children. I don't have any money right now. I always make sure they have what they need, even if I have to go without. I am getting grocery money on Friday. I would really appreciate a pizza to help lift my spirits. Thank you for taking the time to read this.
[Request, Cincinnati, OH] Spent today fighting world hunger; now I'm hungry and broke.
I work as a fundraiser for a nonprofit, (thanks to some /gw posts made a while ago, I'd prefer not to say which), and our pay and our jobs are based on quotas. I'm on review, (meaning I have two days to get my average up, or I lose what is the best job I've ever had--I care so much about what I'm doing). Additionally, partly because it's been so cold here, my average has been down--which means, so is my pay. I have about $30 in the bank to last me the two weeks until next payday, but I don't even have access to it, as it's Sunday, and my atm card got stolen. I've been working all day for this non profit, (on my feet, outside), and I'm really hungry...I just ate my last two pieces of bread today. I'm applying for foodstamps tomorrow, but, obviously, that process takes a while. One pizza would give me two meals that I didn't have to wonder about. At this point, i'm just terrified of being overdrawn on my account again, bringin nothing to my boss's going away potluck tomorrow, and not being able to afford my $25 a week meds, (not having health insurance blows). The car I drive for my company is also breaking down, and a million other little things have gone wrong lately.
I have never asked anything of reddit, and I feel awful for typing out this sob story. I promise that as soon as my tax refund comes through or I get a decent paycheck, (about two weeks?), I will either pay you back or pay it forward to another redditor, whichever you prefer. My roommates are also in a bind right now, but have done there best to help me out when they could, so I'd love to be able to offer them a few slices as a thanks, and to ensure that they both eat, too. Again, I'm sorry for bitching, I know I have it pretty good compared to most of the rest of the world, (a hint to the poverty-related nonprofit I work for), but I could really use some hot food and, even more so, a kind act. Whether you can help or not, thank you for reading.
[Request] [UK] A raccoon just jumped in through the window...
and ate all of mine and my girlfriends plates. Please send a pizza to help!

http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20090215074230/friends/images/8/8d/9x08-ChandlerBreaksPlates.jpg
[REQUEST] [Union, NJ] Pizza needed for a broke snowman.
I could use a pizza since my job hasn't been open because of the holidays and that has hurt my wallet alot. I would even make a snowman for anyone that could help. Thanks :)
[Request] Please brighten up a Student's day [UK] 
Sitting here trying to do work and I am starrrrrrving.

I have £1.47 in my bank until tomorrow and no food in the house (except cheerios)

I will pay it forward and repay the pizza back to Reddit sometime in the near future. 

Thank you kind Redditors.
[request] CA USA Broke between jobs Would love a pizza tonight.
Totally broke and would really enjoy a warm pizza. It has been forever since I have had one, now that I'm broke pizza is more of a luxury.
[Request US] Single dad here! My 8 year old and I are both sick at home today, and pay day is not until Monday, a pizza would be awesome today so I don't have to cook.
We've been sick for a few days, and am pretty tired of eating soup, and kind of want to spoil ourselves
[Request] I'm anorexic, and I'm recovering.
I've been anorexic for a couple years, and am in the process of recovery. My friend thinks eating pizza will bring me back to love food, but I don't have money at the moment. Whoever could send a pizza, I will repay you in 2 weeks, when I get paid. Thanks :D
[REQUEST] Nobody is home at my house been home alone for 5 hours hungry . [Connecticut, USA]
I have no money and i don't work (Still underage) and my parents are on vacation and my brother is out and forgot to leave me money for food. A small box of pizza would be appreciated. Please and thank you kind Reddit community. :)
[Request] Pizza for a broke college student
I'm sure there are needier people on this subreddit, but I had to borrow 30 bucks to pay the rest of my share of rent yesterday and now I'm broke until next friday.  Pizza for me and my housemate that lent me the 30 bucks would be much appreciated for dinner.  Thanks in advance, it's subreddits like this that make Reddit such an awesome place.
[Request] Would anyone be able to help with dinner? 63069
This week has been hectic and very trying. I realize I'm new but I've actually been here a while. Anyway My sister and her children will be here to stay with us in about 2 hours. She is coming from a long way and is leaving a domestic violence situation. She wasn't supposed to be here until the weekend but is coming in today. If she had come saturday like she was supposed to I would have had more time but now I have nothing to feed them and they have been driving 25 hours. I can pay it forward but not til monday or tuesday. I already fed mine so were good but help to feed them would be very much appreciated. If you can help please let me know and ask what you need. Thank you
[Request] A pizza would go a long way here in Maryland.
I'm currently moving and all my food/cookware is packed and gone already. The security deposit I was told and counting on getting back today is not coming, landlord claims damages from a storm we had last year. *sigh* So I have no money for anything except the gas to drive me to my new place tomorrow night. I feel so selfish posting here when maybe there are others it would better benefit, but a pizza would certainly be welcome here today. Thanks reddit.
[REQUEST] Just found out about random acts of pizza. Single mother raising 2 kids. Indianapolis, IN
Life has been really tough for us over the past few months.  I finally finalized my divorce to my ex, who turned into an abusive alcoholic nightmare towards the end, and I couldn't be happier I'm away from him now.

I had a decent job as a nurse, but I was caught up in the downsizing at the hospital, and have been looking for a job for the past few months, without much luck.  

I haven't really been able to spoil my girls with anything in a long time, let alone a pizza, and I would be incredibly humbled and gracious if someone would be willing to help us out.

This is an amazing community, and I hope to be able to come back here soon on the other side, being able to give away some pizzas.

Thanks everyone 
[Request] My birthday is in two days!
My birthday is in two days and I don't usually celebrate it. But, I would enjoy a pizza for my birthday.

I don't *need* this. I have money, but I would enjoy this gift since I won't receive any other gifts for my birthday.

Thanks!
Request: lost my job several weeks ago. 
Would like a break from noodles. God. The noodles. They're everywhere. 
[request] i live in Louisiana, college student, ramen noodles ;( need pizza!!
I just started college this week, it is my first time away from home.  Needless to say that things are not as easy as i thought they would be:(.  I have been bumming off friends for lunch this week. I would like to return a small favor to them after our test Monday. Someone please help me!
[Request] life is good - I have nothing to complain about :)
Hi there,  life is good and I have nothing to complain about. Today my mrs is going out wedding dress shopping for my upcoming Christmas wedding and I am going to sit and play GTA and have a few beers. A pizza would help make a good day great. Of course I will pass on the good Karma to a fellow RAOP user at a later date. Thanks :)
[Request] Weary Traveller seeks Sustenance in Alamo City.
I don't really want to have to do this and I'm not looking for a handout, but I understand the rules of random acts of pizza. I just got into San Antonio, Texas by way of Greyhound and I left my backpack which contained my wallet on the bus by mistake. As such, I'm here without any money and quite hungry.

I'd glady [Offer] when available.

email me at ellotusghost@yahoo.com
[request] Anniversary Dinner. Columbus Ohio
Worst week of our lives. My husband and I have been struggling to make bills and feed ourselves for the few past months. This week in particular has gone extremely down hill. We've been sick, without air conditioning in 90 degree weather, power would have been shut off if it weren't for my mother and every little thing in between. Today is our two year anniversary, and we are out of food and money until tomorrow. It would be nice to have some pizza for dinner if someone could help out.

Also, we have no internet, so I'm using my phone. Sorry if I'm slow to respond. :/ 

Thank you in advance if anyone responds. We aren't the type of people who like asking for help, it just seemed like a special occasion.
[REQUEST] Baltimore, MD. 4yr Redditor can repay tomorrow
I have been homeless before and never asked for help in such ways.  I am working, but job only pays once a month.  I have been broke for 16 days, was supposed to be payed Friday.  Been all weekend without food.  I can see my money in bank but cannot touch it until tomorrow.  I will re-gift someone else in return or refund money.
[REQUEST][UK] - Broke until 17th Feb next and could use a helping hand. 
Basically don't have much cash for the next two weeks until the next part of my student grant comes in. 

Near the end of a massive design engineering project and it's getting pretty stressful. 

Not much in the cupboards and i've been eating rice and beans for the past few days. Thanks r/frugal.

Would love a tasty pizza and I'll pay back into the community once I get a bit more cash. 

Peace
[Request] Salton City, CA; Willing to do silly shenanigans for pizza
I just want a pizza :]
[Request] Out of food, Phone Disconnected, no money until tomorrow... And my Fudge Recipe!
Okey Dokey... I requested a Pizza yesterday on account of being out of food. I did ask kind of late and did not get said pizza, my bad. I did not, however, go to bed hungry. It dawned on me that I had all the stuff for vegan fudge, I'm not vegan, or vegetarian, but I am pretty clever. Here's what I had for dinner. 
     3 cups sugar
     1 1/2 cups water (use coconut, almond, or regular milk if you've got it)
     2/3 cups of coco
What you wanna do is boil the shit out of these 3 ingredients until they pass the "hard ball" test... What's that you ask? you just drizzle a little bit of the mixture into a bowl of cold water and if you can reach in and form a ball your mixture passed (Test frequently until you have the hang of making fudge)... Once your fudge passes the test turn off the heat and toss in a TSP of Vanilla and a Half a stick of butter if you've got it (I made mine with just sugar water and cocoa last night and it was still good). At this point you can toss stuff in your chocolate goo... Nuts, Raisins, those little cranberry raisin thingies... Ya know whatever, I like to dump a load of peanut butter in there when I have it. Super easy!
     Anyway, I would like to eat real food tonight so if you can help out shoot me an email. Otherwise I'm eating fudge again. Could be worse... THANKS GUYS!
[Request] Struggling small business owner in Colorado Springs
I opened up a computer shop here a couple of months ago and things have been decent work wise until this week. I have a couple of laptops a customer is paying for on friday and I had to buy the parts which zeroed me out =(. Hoping to have some brain food to keep working and make it to friday.
[Request] Hungry Friday Night with Old Friend...
So a friend I haven't seen in a while to hang out with a few other people that came over tonight. This happened unexpectedly and, unfortunately, I couldn't plan ahead as he is broke and so are we. We only have a bag of broccoli in the freezer and without sounding totally pathetic I decided, as a last resort, to see if RAOP could possibly help out with this predicament. Once I get paid, I will absolutely pay it forward on here.

Number of People: 5  
Location: Athens, OH  
Have Verification Code: Yes  
[Request] Timesheet at work wasn't switched to Student from Temp. from summer work in IT, no pay this week
So I'm chilling at home right now playing some League of Legends, and for this week apparently my timesheet hadn't switched from "Temporary EMployee" for working over the summer over to the regular "Student" pay, semester has started. No pay for this week and am craving some pizza! Anyone wanna help a brother out? Willing to gift a champion or skin in return :)
[Request] New Jersey. Could really use a pick-me-up pie.
Everyone has their sob story, so here's mine. 

My boyfriend recently quit his job. He worked retail, and generally hated everything about it. He's wanted to be a programer for ages now and since he quit he's looking to actually do it. So, he's home all day and I'm the one working to support us. We recently applied to get SNAP assistance but haven't heard back yet.. So the fridge is getting empty to the point of silliness.

That being said, to add a little motivation i guess, If I manage to get a pie I'll build you a shrine  in my SMP Minecraft world. :D Will provide pictures as well to prove it all.

(Papa Johns is the only chain store that is in my area, but there's a ton of little mom and pop stores that offer like $5 pies)
[Request] So hungry and in need of a pie. Anyone out there willing to help?
Asking for this favor so I can pass it along as well in the future. Just really hungry and tired
[request] Virginia... spent my last $12 on cat food...my empty stomach lead me here
am i doing it right?
[REQUEST]  Please feed my friend and I.  Very hungry. She is sick and we are having a shit week.  Will post cat pics! RVA
The last microwavable burrito was eaten last night :(  Now there are only condiments.  Between rent and medicine, there is no money left to buy food.  We feel pretty hopeless.  We will make a whole imgur album of her cute cats to thank you!  I love you, reddit!
[REQUEST] Broke, unemployed and in KC, MO
I've known about this lovely subreddit for a while, but always decided against actually posting a request because there are people in so much worse situations than I. But, at this point the new tab isn't quite so dire, sooo....

I don't want to whine or drag on. Basically, I've been jobless for a few months now. My sister is my roommate; I'm basically crashing here, but have to be out next month, as she's apparently moving in with her boyfriend after that. No, I don't feel good about being a jobless layabout. I've been job hunting hard but nothing's been working out, and I can only really get around on foot.

Anyway, so the only food I've had around here is potatoes. Which wouldn't be so bad, but there's really nothing to put on them (no butter for baked ones, no ketchup for fries, no oil or vinegar for cooking them with.) It's better than no food, but the combination of dry potatoes and tap water is crazy bland. The aforementioned sister spends most of her time with her boyfriend; my parents dropped off the bag of potatoes a couple of weeks ago. I don't wanna complain or anything, it's good to have a place to stay (for now) and sustenance,  but... a pizza, of any kind or any place, would be so so rad. Haven't pizza since July (my birthday.)

 I will of course pizza it forward immediately when I'm in a position to do so, this subreddit is such a wonderful thing and needs all the offerers it can get to keep it running.

Hope I'm doing this right! Thanks!
[Request] Stuck on Campus for Fall Break, and nothing where I can use my meal plan is open. I have no money and have been eating marshmallows for 2 days. Someone pizza me, I beg. (Tennessee)
I'm stuck on the Campus of Lee University in Cleveland, Tennessee with literally no money. I have a meager musical talent, and I would sing you a song if my computers microphone worked. I have no idea what else to offer. 
(REQUEST) 3guys (2human 1feline) in MONTANA, hungry on new years eve.
My friend is visiting from out of town, travelled through snow to celebrate new years together and visit Monk (the cat).  We're broke and happy but also hungry right now! We would be grateful for a little help to make this a happier (and less hungry) new years eve!

Will post pictures of the Monk enjoying the pizza. 
[REQUEST] Swansea, UK - I'm writing my dissertation and I'm out of monies :(
So it's that time of the term again when everyone's student loan has run out...except...unlike most students, I can't go home either because I have an 8000 word dissertation to write :(. Please pitty me and feed me, pleeeaassee?

[Request] Sydney, Australia. Have about three dollars in change to my name for about a week, could kill for a pizza!
Umm, I'm hungover as hell, hungry as hell and poor as hell. I don't really have anything to give, but I do have a free copy of Europa Universalis 3 with all of the addons etc I can gift via steam if anyone would like it!
[Request] College students, no money in bank account, been eating ramen for a week
My girlfriend and I are college students, we manage to pay our few bills by donating plasma at a local Biolife, unfortunately after our internet and cellular bills we are left with a very small amount of money to live off of and most of that money gets put toward gas to get us back and forth to our school, as well as toward dog food. 

At this point my bank account is overdrawn, I have my computer on craigslist to get a few extra bucks from (im an IT major), and we are struggling to get by.  

I know this is a long shot but all I ask for is a pizza so that we can eat something other than noodles for the first time in almost a week. IF any one would be willing to help out I would be so grateful.  The only problem is that it would have to be an in-store pickup, not delivery, because we live outside of the range of any of the major delivery shops.



 

  
[request] trying again
hello, i tried last night but didnt get one ): im still roomateless and surrounded by ravioli that makes me ill and havent eaten all day. i do have a verification code, and would LOVE a pizza(hopefully it will last me until tomorrow too!). like i said last night i will pay it forward when i have the money! someone please help!

[REQUEST] [USA] NOW ex boyfriend stole my purse, i'm broke until i get new credit cards sent
my recently ex boyfriend stole my purse from my apartment. seeing as i live paycheck to paycheck and i don't get paid for another week and a half, i have no way to pay for anything. i have nothing in the bank, and until i get new credit cards (i reported them stolen), i can't even buy groceries this week. 

when i get paid, i can be sure to pay back/pay forward any kind of help anyone here could help me with. thanks for reading and thank all of you for what you do.

zoe
[Request] Post-grad unemployment is killing me
I graduated from college in December (yay!) without help from my family and relocated from the devastating economy of Michigan in hopes of better opportunities. I've spent all my money on bills and gas for the last week to go to interviews, which unfortunately, leaves me with nothing left for food. I'd love to not go hungry tonight... and hopefully one of these interviews results in a job &amp; I can pay it forward ASAP. <U+2665>
REQUEST: Newton, Ma Hungry Guy
Seriously hungry and hoping for some help. Bank surprised me with an new "maintenence" fee and made me overdraft, won't be corrected till tomorrow. A pizza would be awesome right now, and it sucks since it labor day.
[Request] Mississauga; If anyone could spare a pizza.
No food, no money, if anyone could be so kind.
[REQUEST] Cheese Addict in desperate Need
Okay I'm not going to lie- I'm addicted to cheese and I've been struggling hard this week. I received a hefty bill and so needs must. But now I'm getting the withdrawals...im bleary eyed and craving hard. Is anyone able to help me!?! Would be greatly appreciated :D
I get paid on the 28th of the month but would gladly return the favour!
EDIT #1: I should mention I'm in the UK.
EDIT #2: I should also mention its been almost a week since I've had any kind of 'tasty' food....please!!!
[Request] 4 year old son is home from surgery. His appetite is back, and he's requesting pizza.
Hey redditors! My 4 year old son had to have an anterior tibialis transfer to help correct his clubfoot.  The surgery went very well, and Shriner's ended up releasing him about three hours post surgery.  He's now regained his appetite and is requesting pizza. We'll make sure to post a "thank you" picture if we're gifted.
[Request] California USA
Reddit can i please have a pizza for my day late birthday ._. idk what to say but thanks for taking a look. can provide proof of birthday. 
REQUEST Crown Point, Indiana desperate.
I have no where else to turn. My husband lost his job and I work part-time at the local Walmart stocking shelves. My check doesn't even cover our rent, I have our utilities paid and have spoken to the landlord. I am eligible to go back to the food pantry on Friday. (You can only go once a month) so I just need something to hold us(my two children, my husband, and myself) until Friday, and the kids get free breakfast and lunch at school. So I really just need enough for two dinners. I can repay when money comes in or whatever you like. Thank you for taking time to read my plea.
[Request] Everything decided to break down this week.  Please feed me.
My car broke down on Saturday, and then my bike chain snapped today.   I am very frustrated and tired from my full day of watching little children/walking home in the Memphis heat with a broken bike in tow.  I would love a pizza to help fuel my DIY bike repair.   Thanks.  I promise to use a part of my next paycheck to purchase a pizza for a needy redditor.   
[REQUEST] Pizza for my hungry son, please (Kentucky,US)
I was wondering if anyone out there could bless my son with a pizza for dinner tonight. I'm a 27 year old single mom struggling financially right now raising my 7 year old son by myself. Just went through a long drawn out divorce but I wont bore anybody with my personal problems. I'm currently receiving a little bit of food stamps each month but i reallyy have to make them stretch just to get by, which means lots of ramen noodles for dinner. tonight my son is begging and beggingme for a pizza that i just cant afford for him. I was hoping to give this site a shot and see if anyone can make my sons night and bless us with a small pizza for him. thank you so much for listening to my long rambling but he wont stop bugging me about pizza tonight lol, you know how that is :)  I'm in Greensburg,KY and we dont have any pizzaq chains closeby as its a small city but I know we have a pizza hut in town if anyone can help
[REQUEST] Florida family in the middle of a rough move
Going through a tough transition moving out of state with my three kids and was wondering if someone would be willing to supply a pizza for us tonight. I know that it would be extremely uplifting for them considering the situation. Thanks in advance. 
[Request] Asking for a Pizza Please.
**I can't tell you when the last time we actually had Pizza in our house. We never have any extra money for any kind of Take out and my  almost 2 year old Daughter loves Pizza. 

A Pizza would be so nice on a day like this. Asking for some kind heart to get us a Pizza to indulge in since we can never seam to catch a break where we could treat our selves in one.

-Thanks :D**
[REQUEST] I'm a hungry, poor man with nothing but hot pockets in the freezer. (Birmingham, AL)
I certainly don't want to take advantage of anyone's generosity, but I'm so tired of "White Chicken Lean Pockets" and "Pepperoni Pizza Lean Pockets"... If anyone's feeling especially generous, I promise I'll pay it forward as soon as I have the ability to. Pizza would totally make my evening.

PM me for details?

Thanks for helping a hungry guy.
[Request] Im in the mood for pizza...No cash! 
Was wondering if someone could spread some randomness around? 

I'm quite hungry and i haven't got a thing to fix to eat and was wondering if i could see about getting a pizza

*edit spellings

[Request] I got braces 3 days ago, and I would love to eat something other than applesauce for once.
Braces are expensive, and I got them very late (18 currently). So I'd love to have something solid I can actually eat while feeling better about myself. Por favor?  
[REQUEST] Belmont, MA. Broke and sick. Pizza would be such a great offer.

[Request]Not a father, poor or dying. Just tired.
I've been awake for around 56 hours for a little experiment that I'm doing and a pizza would be so great. I'm not entirely in need and I'm not gonna starve to death or anything but I don't have any cash lying around to buy myself a pizza. I'm in Eastern Canada. If you guys don't feel like buying for me, at least go help someone else :) I'll pay it forward when I get the cash.
[Request] Charleston, SC
Very hungry, very poor. Will pay forward next week after being paid. Charleston SC, 29424 300 Meeting Street, apt. 2a. 
Request - Manteca, CA
It's been a rough past few months, was down to my last 20 bucks again the other day, and had to buy dogfood, which in turn means I can't eat till Monday. A pizza would easily feed me thru the weekend. If anyone could help that'd be SO appreciated.
[Request] Turning 22 tonight and I'll be alone. A pizza will go a long way in making things less painful! Will send proof to those interested. Forever alone.
I'll send a photo of my driver's license with a "hey &lt;username&gt;" next to it. Just thought a pizza could help with a forever aloneness! Thanks so much to the person who can help me, or just to give me someone to talk to as I take one step closer to death o.0
I live in Virginia -
[Request] Stuck in Mke, WI
Greetings all. This is a brilliant subreddit, and deserves all the attention it's been getting. Anyways; I'm stuck at work until 5PM. I don't have a lunch, nor the money for it (my paycheck isn't until next week). Any kind folks out there willing to trade a pizza IOU? Will definitely be returning the favor next week.
[REQUEST] Negative account balance until Friday, Could really use a pizza here in Indiana.
A series of unexpected expenses and some irresponsible account balancing has left me quite hungry.  It's days like this I wish I was a server!

Would be in serious debt to anyone willing to help out.
[REQUEST] Bellingham, WA musician in need of a warm pie!
Long time lurker.... 

So..I'm 21 years old and I've been really struggling to come up with money to eat lately. I've been trying to find jobs as much as I can but I am currently a bit stuck at home because I have gout. It has affected my left foot severely and I cannot exactly leave the house or get out as much as I need to. 

Just hoping someone can help me out! I will forward the favor one day!
[REQUEST] A pizza was left behind in Portland, Oregon
I present a humble situation where one brave soul could prove their honor.  Unfortuantely, I am getting laid off in 2 days, sucks, I know, but thats not the worst of it.  My girlfriend and I went grocery shopping recently, using the very last of our food stamps. During our trip, we put all our groceries in the car (which we use twice a month to go get groceries, can't afford to drive more than that.) Once we got home we realized after a couple hours that the only item we left in the cart, was our pizza.  I called the store and they said that unless someone brought it in and reported it, we wouldn't be able to get our pizza.  Sadly, nobody reported it.  We really really wanted that pizza! So as I did an inadvertant RAoP, I'm hoping that a generous redditer will bestow upon us a delicious pizza pie!  I have verification code! Want to make our night?
[Request] Even a small pizza would be nice...
Down on my luck lately and no gas or money to do anything of importance (or fun) on the 4th. Something simple as a pizza would really make my day. I've been a long time lurker and I don't really participate in commenting or posting but definitely could use some good luck.
[Request] North Carolina, USA A pizza would help out a lot
This hurts my pride to beg like this, but the position I am in leaves me with few options and hungry. I have my daughter with me and I'm flat broke with not much food in the house besides a couple cans of black beans and peanut butter; nothing I'd constitute as a meal. To anyone that is feeling generous enough to send a pizza my way it would be appreciated beyond words. I thought this would be worth a shot. 
[Request] Along with 6 of my buddies, 1 dog, and 1 rat,  I was kicked out of our home.
So, we are in Terrassa, España (Spain). Today we were woken up by police and forced to leave our home. We are activist organizers from France, Spain, and the States. The reason we were kicked out was because we were squatting the derilict home. It made no difference, of course, that we were fixing the place up and providing a safe place for travelers, and others with no home, to sleep. 

No matter if you agree or disagree with our stance on property rights, pizza would go a really long way to making such a crummy day nicer. 

Buenos Dias.
[request] Will have no food on Wednesday 9-12. Washington State.
My boyfriend doesn't get paid until Thursday, we can happily repay someone or something after then. We have a package of Ramen for today, so I would prefer to have any donated food for tomorrow when we will have literally nothing, except 72 cents for cat food... because I'm not about to let her starve! 
Anyway, I don't know much about these reddits but I thought I would give it a chance... I can message with you if you want. Also, it doesn't need to be pizza... we just want something to eat... but we don't have any gas in the car. Please help...
Thank you for at least looking :)

EDIT: I can offer something, I can draw you a picture of anything you want, I can make you a necklace, take a photo, or any other artsy thing! =)
[Request] Bronx, NY I'm so stoned, I don't have any money, please I just ate an avocado it was bad
I'm not getting any money until tmrw, I haven't eaten in a couple of days and then I had like ramen it obliterated my digestive tract. I would love some pizza
Super High [request]
Just came back from a festival with 2 zips of the blue dream.

Needless to say, me and three of my friends are pretty fucking high.

Any amount of pizza would probably be the most amazing thing that could happen right now.

I would also like to show these stoners the awesomeness that is Reddit.

Thanks &lt;3
[request] broke miami college student pulling an all-nighter
i'm an fiu student with .30 cents in my bank account for the next week craving some pizza to munch on while i work my way through a twelve page paper. everything on campus where i could use my meal plan is closed. help a girl out?
[Request] Please buy me pizza and I will name my firstborn after you. 
Just kidding. I'm so hungry right now and a pizza would hit the spot. I will draw you an excellent picture(whatever you want me to draw really). If that doesn't satisfy you, maybe I could take pictures of cats for you (karma compensation for the pizza)
REQUEST: Scorching heat no AC can't cook tonight in New England
Hey out there in pizza land.  We are a family of 6 with a 3 week old.  It is 100 degrees and we have no AC.  The baby has been crying because it is just too hot for him.  I can't possibly turn the stove on tonight, if we could get out of this house and go grab a pizza somewhere, all the kids would really appreciate it tremendously.  Thanks to all who inhabit this site!
[Request] I'm hungry and am saving all my money for the deposit on the apartment I'm moving into next month. Help?
I move soon but in the mean time, I'm saving everything for the deposit and furniture, since I have none. Anyone care to donate a pizza? I'm in Delray Beach, Florida.
[REQUEST] I'm tired of these mother fucking eggs in my mother fucking fridge.
I'm not gonna lie, money is tight for just about everyone. My mother lost her second job a month or so ago. We've been fine but the fridge is usually close to empty. Except lately its filled with eggs. Literally three fucking cartons. I've been looking for a job for a while and finally got one. But I don't start work for about a month so I can't as of yet contribute to the household. So I beg of you Reddit, please send me pizza because as good as eggs are, I fear I may soon suffer a heart attack or turn into an egg myself.
[REQUEST] Broke college student on break, lost job and place to live since semester ended =/
Hello, I've been a longtime lurker on reddit and finally made an account a few weeks back.. since then my life has absolutely been turned upside down. 

After this semester [full time] at university I lost my job. I had barely paid off this semester via payment plan when I received the VOICEMAIL informing me I was no longer needed at work. 

The issues created by not having money for my bills and gas caused major problems with my parents, who had been letting me live at home this last semester on the condition I would finish my degree and sustain myself financially regarding everything but the roof over my head. Needless to say, they do not really have the means to support another person and I left because of this strain.

I have been couch crashing this last week at a friends' with literally nothing to offer him (or his awesome, understanding roommates who I really just met) in return for their hospitality. A PIZZA!! =) to share with these great people would not only be the first whole meal I have had for a while, but it would go a long way towards making me feel a bit better about myself for actually contributing to this house a bit. The other folks here are all struggling students, and looking in the pantry all I'm seeing is ramen and potatoes (lol). 

Thanks for putting up with this wall of text, I felt obligated to give the whole story! Not sure of what evidence is necessary but needless to say if you ask for it I will provide. I hope I did this right (got a confirmation code as well if needed) but here goes heh. Take care!

[REQUEST] It's my husbands birthday and he just wants a pizza!
Payday isn't til next week and when we couldn't get a pizza for my birthday a few days ago he scrapped together the money. Now he is craving a stuffed crust pizza and I can't even scrape together the money to get it for him and the kids...My 10 year old has even offered her $2 she has :( Help! Please!
[Request] (Athens, GA) Hungry, broke, late night worker.
I'm resubmitting this from a few minutes ago because I didn't read. 

Anyway, just rode my scooter to work in the rain. Wonderful weather. I could really go for a pizza.
REQUEST: Last Day In TN before I go out of state for College
So me and my bro are wanting to live up the last day in town before we separate for college. Unfortunately, because of this we are all broke. All of our refrigerators have been cleaned out and we are desperate for food. It would be REALLY awesome if our last meal together was payed by the Interwebs and we will forever grateful. Thank You.
[REQUEST] I want to believe in the kindness of humanity again (in Northern California)...
Horrible day at work, shitty relationship, and roommates from hell. I just want to believe in life again! Please make my night. 
[Request] Waiting on offer from job, savings are low, more info inside. :)
Got booted out of the military several months ago due to downsizing and been waiting on this new job since then. I got it, just waiting for the spot to open and hopefully it's within the week. All our savings are gone and barely subsisting in this 1k rent apartment, cost of living is ridiculous and I can't move cause i'm getting the job anyday. Borrowing from family to make the bills and ramen and other asian staples are managing to get me and my wife by. Just a little something to cheer her and the baby up would be nice. Not used to asking for stuff just I'm pretty sure she's tired of rice and soup. verification code, also new to this so I don't know the procedure pm me.
[REQUEST] totally starving and broke. please come to my rescue.
My name is Liz. I'm 22 and stuck in my food barren apartment with nothing but an empty wallet and a frown. I would sincerely appreciate any help in filling my tummy with some cheesy goodness. I wish I had a sad story to tell but to be honest I was at the Philadelphia Folk Festival for the weekend and stupidly spent all my money, forgetting that my cabinets were empty back at home. Now I'm sitting here, tummy grumblin, on the verge of a headache, hoping to God that someone will show me alittle empathy. Thank you for your time and good day.

EDIT: around the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania area.
[Request] Just got a Order of suspension from the State of Florida DMV...
It seems i got two tickets from toll violations and now i have to pay $285.40 each ticket before the 11/27 or my license will get suspended, i am a broke college student and i am not really sure how i am gonna pay this, could use a pick me up pizza for lunch, thanks a lot....
[request] Need Pizza in Boerne!
Money is tight and I live in Boerne where there is like no pizza! Please be nice, and help a girl out. BTW, I love this subreddit!
[Request, UK] Meeting up with people I haven't seen in years tonight, would be great to catch up over a pizza.
An Xmas party tradition is being rekindled by some of my friends tonight and it would be great if there were some pizza there to soak up whatever it is we'll be drinking. We're mainly students and/or poor loveable folk, we would really appreciate something pizza based tonight :).


 Will of course pizza it forward in the new year when my student loan comes through
[request] Oregon USA Would love to chill with a pizza tonight or Friday?
Hi, 





Its the end of the month, hubby and i would love to have a pizza on Friday or tonight :) It's been a while since we had the pleasure of cheeses and bacon. 

I am new to this so hopefully I did this request right.


[Request] Finals means late night pizza runs.
Finals are upon me once again and between my lovely empty bank account and a school that puts me on a limited number of swipes a day, pizza sounds amazing.  
[Request][Washington] Pizza Haiku for you.
Reddit, you are great.

Hot Pizza sounds really good,

No sobs, just hungry.
                           
                         ~McNicken

[Request] Passed on $2-a-slice-Tuesday due to lack of funds; now having severe gastrointestinal remorse. (Sacramento, CA, US)
Local purveyor of pizza slices, [Luigi's Slice] (https://www.facebook.com/luigisfungarden), has $2 pepperoni and cheese slices on Tuesdays. While I could have procured one of these, it would've left me flat broke for the rest of the week. Last night, willpower was working overtime, and I pulled through.

... This morning, I just had a bowl of Grape Nuts  which I typically do enjoy  but for whatever reason, the image of Luigi's perfectly spiced oregano-laden sauce stabbed my brain, and subsequently my gut, relentlessly.

Today is $3 for any slice, and I feel my willpower waning hard. At this point, any pizza would suffice  it is merely convenient (and awesome) that the cheaper option is also among the best in the area.

Any help to satisfy this pizza craving would be much appreciated, I promise to pay it forward (in-kind, to the extent I'm able) by next $2 Tuesday!
[REQUEST] : I'm 14 and just want some pizza
Hi first time posting here , I'm extremely hungry right now haven't eaten much today except junk food because there isn't much food at home I like.

I have a decent amount of allergies one of them being soy sauce but my mom still made Stir Fry which has it in it , No she is not a horrible person I just don't like getting heartburn anymore so I generally don't eat it. Fun Fact : I am actually allergic to chicken but can eat it 'Most of the time'. 

I am also transgender not really looking for sympathy but the bar on the right says to list my current situation I also love Parkour that's about all there is to Know I am asking for just a Pepperoni pizza from Papa John's.

If I messed up at all in here please correct me I read the right side bar a couple times but I feel like I am fucking up.

Also my family is not poor feel free to give to someone else in actually NEED for the food I am just hungry and bored.
[request] Washington USA; It's a hot summer day, and a hot pizza would make this afternoon the best in a while.
I just got back from a vacation with my dad, and I get home to my mom's, and it turns out she's gone vegan. A nice pepperoni pizza would make not only my day, but my week, or even quite possibly my month. All the thanks in the world if you decide to help out. :) 
[Request] Just one large/medium pizza (Austin Tx)
Just found out I got a job I just interviewed for but I don't get paid for another 2 weeks. My wife and I have been on brown rice and dry cereal for a while now. Anyone willing to get us a medium or large pepperoni pizza would be appreciated. Once I get my first check I will kindly repay the favor.


[REQUEST] London, UK. Not getting paid this month, could really do with a pizza!
Due to some error at work which was found too late for anything to be done about it, I won't be getting paid until mid January. Naturally as well as all the Christmas expenses, my car decided that this would be a good time to need repair work and everything else, so I'll be spending Christmas here with the dog.

I'm not going to be starving or anything as I do have food in the freezer, but I could really do with a pizza at the moment and it would be very much appreciated!
[Request] Papa Johns has buffalo sauce as a topping again! (OH, USA)
This was my favorite short term promotion and its back! I don't have the money otherwise I would buy it myself. Thanks for reading my post and have an awesome day!
[request]
I'm just very poor right now and very hungry, a pizza could get me a few days till payday. I'd be happy to repay the favor on Wednesday!
[Request] Birthday Pizza - CA, USA
Hey guys, this is my first time posting on here. I've been following this subreddit for a while, and asking for a pizza never really came to mind. Well my birthday is today, and normally I take myself somewhere to celebrate, but after recently paying my college tuition, I was left with [a little over a dollar](http://i.imgur.com/bnKd2.png) in my account. I'd really appreciate a RAOP. 

Thanks :)
[Request] College Student would love a pizza... 
So it's finals week and I haven't eaten all day... I just payed off the last of my housing and I've let my mom borrow around $400, so I don't have much money to get food this week. I would love a pizza, and would love to offer one as soon as I get my money paid back.

Thanks for this subreddit. I think you are all amazing people. :)

Edit:Forgot to say I live in Texas USA. :)
[Request] Hungry Couple in Minneapolis
Hello! Normally we would never do this, but we (me and my girlfriend) were hoping someone might be nice enough to buy us a pizza tonight? 

Normally we wouldn't be in such hard shape, but delays in receiving my paycheck and some crazy insane overdraft fees (THANKS TCF!) have left us with a grand total of $2.50 between the two of us until Sunday.

We promise to pay it forward to another needing person next week when we are finally in the black again. I can send you proof of that if you would like. I used a throw-away for this post, but I would have no problem verifying my identity to anyone gracious enough to help. 

So, if you might be interested in helping us out let me know. We will be browsing /r/aww in the mean time, keeping a smile on our face and positive attitude on this whole situation. Thanks!
{request} single mother in warsaw indiana
hello im a single mother of 2 im currently unemplyed I dont like to ask for help but im starving I was supposr to recieve child support but havent yet so if anyone can please help I will return the favor when I scrape up some money
[Request] I just got a job! Could use some pizza to celebrate.
I graduated at the end of June and only just now found a job. It's an amazing opportunity and I'd like to celebrate with my SO but as of right now we are completely broke. 
[REQUEST] It's SysAdmin Appreciation Day...
Would like a pizza sent to our awesome System Admin for all of his hard work. I cannot do this yet since the bills are kind of tight and I'm low on funds. If this is fulfilled I will return the favor as soon as I am able to. Thanks!
[REQUEST] UK. Three more long days until payday and a long night of packing!
Would adore a pizza this evening, haven't had any lunch and I do not think I can face plain pasta or rice for the 4th day in a row.

I have exactly enough money for bus fare to work tomorrow and Wednesday and that it, all my spending for the past 2 weeks has been calculated exactly so obviously no frivolous pizza buying! Would love a pizza whilst I pack up my room tonight ready to move back home at the weekend. (End of university)

I've wanted to buy someone on here a pizza for a while and I would love to do so (UK) on Thursday night! 
[Request] Orillia, ON. Canada
Just hoping someone could help me out tonight with some pizza. Money is tight, and food is low. I start a new job next week so i wanted something to celebrate with rather than soup and crackers again. Thanks for your time and consideration.
[Request] Lonely, unemployed college student with no money in the bank account.
Not picky at all; anything is greatly appreciated. 

[Request]  All I have to eat is one can of hominy, a little bit of beans, and a few condiments.  Broke until the end of this month.
I've been hit hard with medical bills, insurance bills, and utilities, resulting in becoming completely broke.  If someone was willing to send a pizza my way it would go a long way, I'd make make whatever sent last for at least a week or more.  If anyone can help that would be most awesome and I'd try my best to help others on here when I financially can.
[Request] [TX] Hungry in the military
I'm whoring my career in the Army i hopes that someone out there will send me some pizza. I'm finally able to get back on a computer after almost a year of traveling and I'm settling in to my new home at Fort Bliss in Texas. I'm new to this area and I'm hungry. Anyone want to help out a soldier?

[Request] Just paid rent, broke, hungry, and exhausted. Beaumont, TX.
It is that time of the month where bills are due and money is gone. I usually go to my parents house to get some food when I'm low and down, but unfortunately they are out of town for some time.

 Anyone willing to help out a Redditor in the southeast texas area? 
[REQUEST] Lookin' for Za in all the wrong places.
It is 9:16 on a Friday night. I'm a senior in college and I am trying to get out, which is why I am working rather than partying.

edit: working and redditing
[Request]  Had a bad day, could use a reminder that life's okay
Today has sucked a lot.  Sitting alone in my apartment while my family goes on vacation - I need to stay available in case I need to go in for a second job interview, so I couldn't go.

Money's been tight.  I got Netflix recently and the free month just expired the other day.  Just by coincidence, my bank charged me an 8.00 monthly fee for being poor the day I signed up.  I thought it was Netflix charging me by mistake - but this brought my account pretty low, so when the charge for the first month hit, it resulted in overdraft.  Didn't know this until I called my bank.  So I got charged money for being poor...and then got charged more money for not having enough money, though I would have survived the second charge if not for the first.

Hope this doesn't come off as whiny.  I know other people have it way worse, and this is clearly a firstworldproblems kind of thing.  Still, it's only 12:30 and I'm lonely, depressed, and broke.  A pizza would go a long way toward lifting my spirits.

Edit:  Forgot a general location - I live in the U.S.; southern Louisiana, specifically.
[Request] Cold, rainy night in Connecticut.  Would love a warm pizza to keep me company
Hey everybody,

I stumbled into this subreddit yesterday, and the kindness and generosity that is flowing through here absolutely warms my heart.  I don't have a sob story or a starving family to feed, just a kid putting himself through college, so I'm saving every penny I scrape together.

If someone saw it in their heart to help a complete stranger out, I would be incredibly appreciative. 
[Request] Seattle I've bought pizza for random irc friends at least 10x, never got any myself :(
I often buy pizza and ramen and things like that for IRC friends, but they are usually too broke to help me out when things get tough on my end. I have $10 in the bank until Friday.

Order me something from Dominos?

(redid topic after reading formatting rules :p)
[Request] $13 in my bank account, and hungry at work.
Today I am working as a supervisor with my favorite employees, and I would like to reward them with a pizza. Any help would be welcome. Thanks!
[Request]Pizza for starving college kid and his horse
We ran out of food and have none left, no money until monday, we must eat something!  We can offer a pic of us doing almost anything [sfw only].  And as a bonus, [here is a picture of me not being able to feed my horse or myself.](http://i.imgur.com/kpmTz.jpg)

*edit* Forgot to mention that our location is Flagstaff, AZ


*edit 2* SmoochyTheRhino gave us a pizza! 





[request] London, Ontario. I just quit smoking, and the cravings have been replaced with the need for pizza. My favorite is Pizza Pizza, feel free to be creative.

[Request] 2 days from entering rehab and would love a pizza before i go.
So after being a year and 4 months clean off of a serious opiate addiction, i started realizing alcohol was starting to take over my life.  checking myself into rehab on thursday and will be there for the next 60 days.  not trying to gain sympathy for that, as most will say that being in this position is my fault.  but nonetheless, i'm broke, and want to eat some pizza.  would love to return the favor when i get out. 

 i'm a 22 year old male in texas in case anyone wanted to know. thanks :)
[REQUEST] Tempe, AZ USA. Broke, but I'm making my way back!
Hey Redditors, I'll try and keep it short. I've been broke for quite some time with just enough money to pay for rent. I recently got a job, working I.T., but I wont see a check until the end of the month. My sob story isn't all that bad, i'm glad to finally have a job! I just don't have any money yet for any food.

I was just wondering if /r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza would be willing to help me through this Saturday night.

[Request] Between jobs and could really use some food.
I'm 24, live in Missouri, and could really use some food with sustenance. I'm between jobs and living with a friend who is paying for the rent and bills until I can find work. Any kindness would be greatly appreciated! Thank you!
[Request] I don't get paid until Monday and the kids are sick of Ramen!
I just started a new job but I don't get my first check until Monday (I know...monday?) and it wouls be great to give the kids some pizza for dinner tonight. We are in Indiana, USA, we aren't picky on brand. Thanks. 
[Request] I don't know what else to do
I am a college student, but I have no home. I've been sleeping on couches and making it by on very little food. I finally have a job that can support my living for a few months, but I'm extremely broke and its very far away. I have a bus ticket, but I'm down to ten dollars and I just don't know how I'm going to eat until I get a paycheck.

Thank you for reading if you made it this far. I know it would be very easy to ignore this. But a random act of generosity could sustain me in body and soul for a few days longer.
[Request] Last of our money went to surprise gift of puppy, no money til next Friday. (Northern California)
My boyfriend's mom has been hinting at the fact that she would like to have a lap dog to keep her company.  Boyfriend and I find the perfect one and spend the last of our cash for the week to get it We. bring it over to surprise her with it and her controlling boyfriend says she can't have the dog because he didn't get her for it.  So now we have a sweet new puppy to find a home for, and no money.  Not to mention that my boyfriend is devastated by this (he doesn't know I am posting).  Pizza would help boost his crushed spirit.

TL:DR Tried to surprise boyfriend's mom with dog she wanted, got denied by her controlling boyfriend. Boyfriend devastated.
[REQUEST] Celebratory pizza for my fiance and I. We eloped to Puerto Rico with no money. 
My fiance and I have eloped here after almost a month and a half of moving from the mid west. Everyone along the way has either been extremely beligerent towards us or unaccepting of the vision we have for ourselves and the world. It has been an especially trying last week as we've spent half of it stuck in first, a Florida airport, then in San Juan. We weren't even sure we were going to make it, if we'd be mugged or what. We're two attractive young (relatively) women. You can imagine the time we've had.

Anyway, we finally have a safe place to crash and would really really appreciate a big pizza, just for the two of us. 

Too bad we can't request 420. lol Have a good night and infinite gratitude to those who reply/offer. 
[Request] Indiana, USA Pizza after a long day of moving and cleaning. 
Greetings!

My parents are in the process of moving into their new home after being homeless for about a month. There have been a lot of really frustrating and stressful developments over the past nine months leading to my parents moving into this new home. I've taken most of this week off of work to come and help with this transition.

Unfortunately, after I arrived I learned that they have delayed the actual move-in days because the previous owner was a "crazy cat lady" and the house still reeks of urine. (There are visible signs of spraying in some of the rooms.)

I have learned that over the weekend my mother spent most of her time shampooing, and re-shampooing all of the rooms. Today my father and I spent most of the day addressing  and then moving in the heavy furniture and furnishings. Hopefully if all went well with the previous cleanings, we'll be able to start moving the majority of items into the home. (Unless it is decided that the carpeting will need to be replaced first.)

Anyway, long story short, it would be fantastic if we could have pizza for dinner tomorrow (Tuesday) night. I'm not financially able to supply any food while I'm staying here, and I was hoping that maybe someone would be willing to help us out.

Thanks!
(Request) I could really use ANYTHING to eat right now.
So, it's been pretty hard lately. My mom was laid off from her job as a teachers aid. There's canned stuff but we ate all the feasible stuff and now only have stuff like pureed carrots. The pizza wouldn't actually be for me, I'll survive, but I would really like something to brighten up my sisters day. My mother told her she didn't have to go to school today because she knew she may not be able to concentrate that much but my sister , who is 9 was like eff that and had cream corn for breakfast and went anyway. She is trying so hard not to be sad because she doesn't want to make my mom feel bad. She even offered to sell(pawn) her Nintendo DS to pay the water bill that came today. But my mom promised we wouldnt do that anymore...thanks to anyone who wants to help!

Edit: In GA

[Request] I paid it forward once and bought a pizza for someone else, wondering if I could have a turn receiving :) (St. Louis, MO)
Last year, I had to kick my ex out (he was threatening me), and in order to support myself, I took on a second job.  During that time, I bought a pizza for someone who was struggling.  They never came back to thank me :(  But I still felt good :)

Early this year, I had to quit the second job - my doctor said the additional stress was causing hypertension, among other things.  Now, I'm struggling to pay all my bills.  I currently have less than a dollar in my checking account, and missed work yesterday due to illness.  It'd be great to receive a pizza - to be able to skip having to cook tonight since I'm still under the weather.

Any help would be appreciated.  Promise!  :D  Thanks
[request] Sick and out of work with no health insurance.
I've been sick 3 out of 4 weeks this month and I'm hoping its not something serious. I've been out of work quite a bit this month (although I'm going back tomorrow) and haven't been able to get medicine because I have no health insurance! Anyway RAOP, can you help me out? I will pay it forward next paycheck (on the 25th, since my paycheck on the 11th will barely be there). Thanks in advance! Whether I get pizza or not this subreddit is a great thing! :) 
[Request] Just moved into our new place and we could sure use some pizza to ease the moving stresses.
Hi all, 

We just moved across Canada and are moving into our new place here in Edmonton, Alberta. Long story short, the movers completely botched our move and we are not getting our property for another week. The move has been tough on us financially and emotionally, we could use a break. Wondering if anyone out there wants to send some pizza over our way. We will return the favour in two weeks once we get settled into our new place.
[REQUEST]Need something to hold me over until morning
Hi RAOP, there are some great offers up right now but most don't seem to be drawing for a few days. That's nice but by tomorrow morning I'll actually be able to grab some bare essentials like milk, eggs, bread, and cereal. I was just wondering if somebody could help me out because my only option here is to heat a can of tomato puree. 

EDIT: I'm in the northern suburbs of Chicago.
[REQUEST] Been having a hard time lately :(
This is a throwaway account because my family and friends are redditors. 

I have been having a hard time lately and don't know what to do. My
girlfriend of 2 years broke up with me recently, my dad passed away, my depression is getting to me, I'm failing 2 college classes, and I just lost my job. I know this subreddit isn't for begging but I just want a pizza to help clear my mind off of things. I know its not much but winning a pizza would actually make me a little bit happy. If you would be so kindly as to give me a pizza then I would be thankful. I live with 2 other people in a dorm room (if that matters) in Houston, Texas. Thank you for taking the time to read this post and have a good day. I know there are a lot of scammers on this subreddit so if no one comments or gifts me a pizza then no worries. I will gladly repay this favor when I get the chance to. God bless you and thanks for reading this. 
[Request] NC. Humbly asking for some pizza. Living paycheck to paycheck.
Hi all, I feel terrible doing this as I have never had to ask for pizza before, but am in a bad spot right now, and can't afford any food until my next paycheck. I could make some pizza last a few days if anyone could help. 

If you have any questions feel free to let me know. Thanks!

[Request] Some pizza would be awesome.
Hi everyone. I want to first start off by saying this is a great subreddit and you guys help out a lot of people. This is my first time ever asking for something like this but here it goes. 

I live with my sister and her bf in the so cal area. Lately they've been getting into a fights over financial issues. They have a 1 year old daughter that I watch for them everyday, and another baby on the way. I think a random act of pizza would really lift everyone's spirits. 

Well, yeah. Thank you all for reading and take care.

(request) Never had to do this before, but my apartment building caught on fire and I'm staying at a friends and he has no food in his apt. Could really use some pizza and wings and something to drink.

(request) Colorado. Super hungry broke college chick in need of pizza!
Just a Hungry student :)
[Request] College Station, Tx. Pizza in return for an itunes card.
Basically, I have 22 cents in my bank account and am craving pizza. I don't like asking for things but, all I have are gift cards. So, I am offering a [$25 itunes giftcard] (http://i.imgur.com/KLJKq.jpg) in return for pizza! It's a win-win situation. 
[Request] In debt in London, wont be able to get food until Wednesday
I've been a fool with my money basically. I'm a student in London in my first year. I'm getting a ride home on Wednesday but until then i'm out of pocket and VERY hungry. A slice would be very appreciated.
[Request]Stuck at home for the past week because of the flu. Been surviving on ramen because I'm out of PTO.  
Like the title says.  Been so sick that I can't even go grocery shopping.  I'd order my own but I'm on a tight budget right now and not working for a week has kind of screwed me.  Ran out of ramen today and I just heard of this sub so I figured I'd give it a shot. 

I'll gladly reimburse in a few weeks. 
[Request] Brooklyn, NY: Just moved apartments. Exhausted, lonely, and very hungry.
EDIT: TAKEN CARE OF YAY.

Hello lovely Pizza Givers,

I'm a young gal living in Brooklyn, and I just moved from my cozy apartment into a basement room. I'm very sad to have left what was my home, my cat won't come out from under the couch, and moving down four flights of narrow stairs really made my tummy rumble. After paying for a U-haul and a huge load of cleaning supplies, I'm out of disposable income until my next paycheck, but goodness would I love a delicious, cheesy, pipin' hot pizza. 

Thanks to all the kind souls who are putting faith in humanity back into the aether.

LOVE,
T.

Edit:
P.S. I know this is a blankish account. I'm a lurking sort of lady. If you'd like any further verification from me, I can do that. Also, I'll draw anyone a sketch who asks for one, just for shits and giggles.

P.P.S. OHMYGLOB. The amazing pizzamom gifted me a pizza and I am so very pleased. Expect photos shortly.
[Request] Home alone in Southern Maine after terminating a pregnancy, could use a pick me up! 
For obvious reasons, I created a new account for this request. To prove that I'm not just trolling you guys, I took [a picture](http://imgur.com/a/r24Lh) of my medication bottle and some of the literature I was given at the appointment where I had to terminate the pregnancy. 

Before anyone judges me (though I know this is a friendly group of people; I have been fortunate enough to receive before under my real username), I believe I did the right thing, and my partner didn't just abandon me after I did this. I got the (*gulp*) abortion on Friday, and he made sure I was taken care of during the worst of the aftermath. But today, he's at work, and I'm pretty much confined to the couch. There is food in the house, but it's stuff I'd have to prepare. Preparing a real meal for just myself while I'm still crampy doesn't seem like fun right now...

I'm willing to reveal my identity and real username to the person willing to gift me, in private of course, to also prove that I've been on reddit for quite some time. I also have a few bucks here for a tip for a delivery driver (I obviously can't drive right now). 

I know there are people on here who haven't received who are more deserving, but I'd love some comfort food. Absolute understanding if no one feels like it, though. :-)
[Request] Alaska USA, Starving music producer/composer will make you any style of personalized song for a pizza.
Ive been eating nothing but rice and when im lucky ramen for almost 4 months now since being laid off from my computer repair gig. I live in Alaska where the economy and culture is about 4-5 years delayed from the rest of the US so the recession is only now starting to really take hold here, as such Ive been unable to find any regular work even at any of the typical franchised fast food joints. BUT I can make music, so if there is any kind of song you have ever wanted to hear or have made for yourself, a loved one, a personal project, or perhaps a video or web-series of yours; tell me about it and I will make it happen for a pizza. Preferably a pizza with meat on it, I literally have dreams of meat and cheese these days. 

I can do electronic, hip-hop, blues, rock, doom metal, black metal, world/ethnic, orchestral pieces, 80s synth pop, ambient, almost anything really. If desired, I could sing a name, tagline, or slogan and do it jingle style or even use crazy robot voice effects. I could also mimic a specific artists style. [Here are some examples of my production.](https://soundcloud.com/metacitizen)

TLDR: Will music for food
[Request] Some pizza for tonight, hungry and wont get paid for a bit. 
Pretty simple here. Just hungry and wont get paid for a little bit so looking to see if a fellow redditor would be willing to help me out for the night. The major 3 are all within distance of me and will be able to pay that person back once paid. 
[Request] Hungry, no cash, we want some pizza
If you could give us a pie we'll pay it forward when we can
EDIT: We're willing to do almost anything within reason on camera for a pie, just ask
[Request] I would like a pizza as an "oops, I forgot an anniversary present" gift, St. Louis MO
My girlfriend and I have been dating for six months today and I was being the guy I am and didn't get a gift. It turns out that she had gotten me a gift and I didn't get her one, even though we agreed on no gifts. So if anyone could help me out, that would be amazing. I promise to pay it forward when I get paid next week.
[Request] I'm unemployed, low income, and without any food in my fridge.
I used to be on social security but they cut me off and I'm in a phase of transition from codependency to job status and can't afford dinner tonight. It would be amazing if someone could hit me up with a meal.

I can draw animals and stuff, I'll totally draw art for pizza.

Please and thank you?
[Request] MTL, QC- It's been a bad day
Work was cancelled last minute today, for the 2nd time in two weeks.  It's been a bad month, but today has been a particularly bad day- the kind of day that you struggle to get through without crying from the stress of everything.  Pizza would be a nice break from the dreariness of the day!
[request] Central Valley, CA. Dog sitting tonight, would love a pizza to keep me company. 
These three dogs are a handful and are making me hungry! Would love a pizza this New Years Eve as my spouse/in-laws are out of town and I'm feeling kinda lonely. Thanks in advance :)
[REQUEST] Girlfriend's mother is on a psycho-bender (Brattleboro,VT)
My girlfriend usually stays home during the semester because it's closer to the college.  Most of the time she otherwise lives with me.  We are both in our mid-twenties. This evening, she was home, and her mom decides to do yet another psycho-parent sniff test disguised as a hug.  Convinced she smells "cigarettes or pot" (and obviously doesn't know the difference) on her adult daughter, she goes on a baseless accusatory my-house-my-rules rager.  She lives an hour away but decided she'd just rather live with me than suffer through that again.  We're saving up to move away to Colorado, and we'd really love to just chill out and eat some pizza tonight.  Domino's is the only thing around; if anyone wants to help, we would definitely pay it forward in the future.  I'd love to be able to surprise her with not having to cook dinner when she gets here.  Thank you.
[request] Salem, Indiana in need of pizza!

[REQUEST] CC Student in need of real food and real kindness!
I'm a community college student who hasn't had a decent meal in quite some time. I've been eating two or three eggs a day all semester. (the cheapest food really, 2 1/2 dozen for about $4 at my local salvage grocery, that's about 15 cents an egg! Way cheaper and more nutritious than Ramen Noodles!) But I've only two left and after that its a cold water diet until my next paycheck in a week, which is mostly going towards rent and gas. (may have to sell this computer)

I know there are others around the world who are more in need but goodness I sure would love some pizza. As a younger kid, I took good food for granted now it has become a priority and I feel foolish for my prior attitude. If nothing else I would love some words of encouragement or anything that's ever helped you when times got tough. And, if it means anything, I will make a promise to do two Random Acts of Pizza whenever it is a little more plausible.

A big thanks to this subreddit, you guys are a real honor to the internet and the power of kindness! Keep up the good work and if you can't help me please do it for someone else as I know you will! :)
[Request] Nevada, USA - broke for a couple more days and I'd love to snuggle up with a warm pizza tonight
i don't know what words to put here

(posted in the fork sub by mistake)
[Request] Cork, Ireland, would murder a pizza

[Request] Melbourne
I am really craving some Hawaiian or bbq chicken and avocado pizza
[ Request ] [US OH] Anybody out there with an extra pizza tonight?
So I'm sitting here reading through one of my many favorite subreddits, the wife has the tv on and all they keep showing is pizza commercials. Now that has me hungry for pizza. Anybody have an extra pizza out there that they aren't using? I could put it to good use! My pizza factor would go up by a thousand fold!
[REQUEST] Two sick Canadian redditor roommates need food
We have been living off left over turkey stuffing and rationing cutting up hot dogs into it while sick for the past few days. We are broke until the end of the month and could really use anything. A 12$ large pepperoni would be ideal since its cheap for you and enough food to to last us tonight and even breakfast tomorrow.

Thanks to anyone who even takes the time to look at this.
Responsibility doesn't always pay off. [request]
Here it is, the first of the month.  My bills are paid off, I'm in minimal debt, and once again both my mother and my ex-girlfriend haven't paid me back.  I have some rice and a can of green beans, and hot sauce.  If I could collect interest or force them to pay, I would, but I'm just not the kind of guy to stress the important ladies in my life just so I can enjoy a small luxury of life; so I'm asking YOUUU!

I don't have much to give in return, but I'm a fairly decent wordsmith and I do still have some l3375k1ll5 online, so I can even play something with you if you're that bored, or write you something.  My senior humanities project was a Star Trek fan script, fyi.

Thanks in advance to all whom at least read this lone whimper in a sea of screams.

[Request] Medical bills and stress piling up, could use a nice pizza for my kids
My wife is in the hospital and along with the costs of her surgery (she injured her eye and jaw in a car accident), the stress this has been on my 7 year old girl and 5 year old boy is extraordinary. I haven't had time to get decent food for them and a pizza would...to be honest...a blessing. Life hasn't always been this hard on my family and I eagerly anticipate the day I can pay this forward.
[REQUEST] First time I've been broke in years
Hey Reddit.  I've never had to do this before and it's pretty embarrassing.  I literally have just change in my bank account and don't get paid again until Friday.  I figure if I find someone nice enough to send me a pizza, I could have a slice tonight and lunch and meals for a few days.  I'd greatly appreciate it and you have my word, on Friday this week I'll put in a post to pay it back.  I have a real reddit name of over 2 years this is just a throw away because I'm too embarrassed.  Thanks guys!!

Doh! Never done this before.  I'm in MD.  Sorry it's not in the title!
[Request] In between jobs and could use some pizza
I've been job searching for a bit now but haven't had much luck or funds for pizza. My accounts actually overdrawn at the moment and any more cash would cause some bullshit overdraft fee so thats out of the question.  Could really use a cheesey pick me up :)
[Request] 2 days broke college student looking for a decent meal tonight
Hey guys, first post here. Thought someone would be cool enough to help me out when im down on my luck. Also open to trades. Dont have much but i can fit to work in my area if any manual labor is needed.
[REQUEST] Suffering from malnutrition headaches from not eating regularly. 
Been working all week last week and I don't get paid for it soon enough. during that week I stayed at a friend's empty eating nothing but rice with soy sauce since I was only paid 20 dollars for the week. The week before that wasn't swell either.

If anyone would help it'd be greatly appreciated, as I haven't had much of anything this week and I'm dying to get paid..
[Request] Atlanta, GA: Spent my last dollar yesterday.
Nothing in the pockets or the fridge. I'd love to have some pizza tonight.
[REQUEST] We are refugees currently in hiding because we are on the run from Demon Bears. A Pizza would make our souls happy.
Okay no really, we're just hungry and we don't have any cash.  If we should receive a pizza we will pass it on soon!
[request] Manteca, CA
I don't have much to offer but if you can help me out I'll owe you big. My stomach is growling I have some water and about 2 dollars in change. This pizza would last me a few days until my check comes in. 
[REQUEST] Mesa, Arizona Looking for pizza. I'll love you forever
I like pizza, you like pizza. PIZZA?

[Request] Dealing with a tough break-up
I don't know what to do.

I suppose I should've seen this coming -- she used to disappear for days on end, and I couldn't make contact with her, let find out where she went -- but nothing can really prepare you for it. We even traveled *across the country* together for college, and now she's gone. From Seattle to North Carolina, for god's sake. For all I know she could be in some other guy's pants right now.
I miss her. I miss how she smelled, how I could always turn to her in times of trouble, because, deep down inside, she held the answers.  

I miss my wallet.
(request) Trolling 4 a pizza
yes my username is really new to reddit (but I'm not) and I don't have a sob story. (at least not one I want 2 post)
I am however really in need of a pizza and would appreciate it if a wonderful RAOP redditor would buy me one and I will pay it forward next tuesday when I get paid.
Just a nice guy looking for a break and a full tummy till I get paid.
yes I can verify and I will PM u and U can PM me.
Thanks for listening and looking at my post.
(request) Pizza for psychiatric inpatients
I just brought pizza to a friend who has gone through a lot lately and is in the psych ward. Made me really wish I had enough money to get all the guys in there pizza. If the hospital near any of you is like mine, it'll have a pretty small inpatient psych ward that a couple pizzas would probably cover. Believe me folks, psych ward patients could all use a slice of 'za
[Request] Finished exams and would love a pizza to celebrate [Scotland, UK]
Hi there, tried this once before without any luck but I think today is worth another try. Finished exams and I think a pizza would really be the best meal tonight, no effort and delicious!
Thanks for reading
[REQUEST] Henrietta, NY. Poor college student, just wonderin if I can get some pizza to brighten my day.
I don't really have much of a sob story, I just don't really have much cash and could really go for some pizza. For the random aspect, i can draw some random request (albiet it probably won't be very good) for whoever =)
[Request] Savannah GA lookin for some help with pizza 
Hi all, I am new and am trying to get some food for me and my wife and 2 kids. I got this site from a friend that said I could get help here at least for tomorrow.  Can I please get some pizza for us. My wife doesn't get a pay check til Thursday.

[Request] Starving, unpaid and a fair bit depressed (Sydney, Australia)
Long story short my work hasn't paid me for a fortnights worth of 12hour shifts (12 days on 2 off... It's been painful), I'm a little over $800 in the red freaking out about my car repayments, rent and everything else in between... I could really use a pizza to check off where the hell food for the day will come from, and come pay day (if it ever comes) will most definitely send on the pizza.

More than happy to verify anything, happy if nothing happens as at least I've finally used my reddit account.
[REQUEST] Trade you pizzas? Knoxville, TN
So, me and the fam will be having sandwiches for dinner tonight- no big but I'd like to surprise them with something a little more pizza'ie.

Problem is- I don't get paid till Friday. Yikes, right? So, what do you think we trade pizza favors? One for today, for one for you this coming weekend or when ever (hold it over my head like a mob boss, good conversation point).
[REQUEST] Will trade beautiful art for delicious pizza!
Hi my name is Asia. I'm that kind of starving artist college student but I want to give you something in return for you helping me out.

I do makeup design, costume design and drawing! I'd like to draw you whatever you want in whatever style so here are some samples.

P.S I specialize in fan art and Adventure Time cartoon styles. But I also do realism and ink work.

[ART](http://imgur.com/a/hyujm)

[Request for UK] Pizza for our 7 year Anniversary
My partner and I will have been together (in person) 7 years tomorrow (April 16).

We meet online while I was teaching in Korea. When I finished my contract, I went home (NZ) for a month before I flew to Sweden to meet him in real life. Prior to that we'd Skype 6-7 hours a day, email and send letters

Life has been really hard. I haven't been able to go back to NZ, we had to go through his family company (no fault of their own) going through bankruptcy, moving country and visa issues.

We left our jobs at the end of January and moved out of London in the hopes that we could find a place to settle down and have kids. 
We lived in at our jobs and worked together in a very stressful situations that really began to affect our relationship and health. Another reason we needed to move.

We've found it really hard to find jobs since though we've applied for everything and anything, pub jobs, cleaning jobs anything.

Tomorrow is our 7 year anniversary and we can't afford to do anything.
Which is ok, we still have each other and we're getting along really well again despite the pressures and stress of both being out of work and worried sick about money.

Anyhow, a pizza tomorrow night would be well-appreciated.
And the favour will be paid forward as soon as we're in work again.
__________________________________________________________________

Thank you for your response Lolly, or maybe tack is more appropriate.


[REQUEST]Extremely hungry, would love some pizza
Yeah, my parents are both unemployed and we never ever can afford to actually buy a luxury like pizza. All we have are pantry items, like peas and some cereal. Nothing really good. Haven't had pizza in forever, and i havent eaten for awhile because my sister ate the last of the cereal and the rest of the food is diet food for my mom. All i have, is some little snacks, like grapes. I can draw a pretty picture for you, and put your name on it! (: i can video tape me doing some corny jokes/pickup lines. Willing to do close to anything, im sooo hungry. Im in santa fe springs, california. 
[Request] Worst day of my life. And my girlfriends.
Lost my job a month ago, 50 cents left in my account. Girlfriend had a tax return coming that she waited this long for and it turns out her student loan offset it so that sucks. I owe $160 in bills and have no idea how I'm going to pay my $600 rent. No luck on the job front after a month. And on top of that, I can't get unemployment because the company that let me go for *some* reason still says I'm employed there so I can't get unemployment benefits. So I'm wrestling with that, waiting for someone to return my call after I sent them all the termination paperwork I was given. Literally no food left in the house, it's gonna hurt like hell but I'm thinking of pawning my guitar tomorow to keep us afloat for a week or so. OH, and her car broke down. Today of all days. My girlfriend told me to try posting here, I'd asked once before but it didn't work out and this years been *roooough*. But it seems like everyone's on hard times so I understand if my story isn't sad enough. You don't even have to buy me a pizza, just tell me it'll all be okay.

EDIT: Should also mention, Girlfriend's employed in a cafe at a local college, but it's closed this month so she's temporarily out of work as well. She's overdrawn about 40 or so so she's in even worse shape than I am. What a day.
[REQUEST] Nursing school student with Finals and practicals tomorrow and Wednesday! - Indiana, USA
Hi everyone! I'm in the Nursing Program at a state college in Indiana, and I have practicals and a final for one of my Nursing classes tomorrow...As you can imagine my stress, a pizza that anyone could give me, I would greatly appreciate! Thank you! :)
[Request] District of Columbia. Engineering student who just found out his research stipend got cancelled...
Yeah, going to be living off a lot of ramen for the next two months so was hoping that a nice redditor could help me out with dinner tonight. I'll also upvote all of your links because that's the least way to say thanks.
[REQUEST] A Pie for a TimeLord on on his luck. 
I have no monies at the current moment until I sell my minivan for 2500. I hope it sells for 2500. Until such a time I am lacking food. A nice peperoni pie would be wonderful if anyone is so inclined. 

I will return the favor and come here and buy someone a nice box of goodness once my van sells. 

I have just fallen on bad times, I have poof of my lack of funds if that is needed. 

I forgot to tell my location in the title, I am currently stuck in the Panhandle of Florida.  

*Edit: Looks like I can not make a complete sentence. Oh well that is life.* 

*Edit 2: Nazoth gave me some Pizza, well gave me a gift card. Live so far out, delivery isn't an option. That explains the odd sounds I hear at night. I swear it might be an Ood. I shall ride into town in my blue minivan to pick me up a nice pie. I'll be sure to share the love once said ride is sold, in order to keep folks with some pizza. Everyone likes Pizza* 
[Request] North Carolina - Stuck at home and hungry
Had minor surgery on Sunday that put me on some restrictions such as no driving until cleared. So I'm stuck here bored and hungry with pizza on my mind, and I was curious if someone would be kind enough to send a pizza my way. Thanks.
[Request] Just another college student, trying to save up money to afford an apartment so I can be independent, but would really appreciate some dinner. Richmond, VA
Hey guys, I'm a college student in Richmond and it's a couple days before I move into my new place. I'm trying to save up money so I can be independent from my parents, who haven't really offered support unless they can use it to their advantage... Anyway, a pizza my way would be much appreciated, and once I start my full time job I'll try to pay it forward.

Thanks!
[Request] 3 guys at work starving and lunch is coming fast. 
Hello RAOP. We are 3 guys at work and would like a Pizza we are broke. and lunch time is coming fast. we are starving could you help?

We only have a pizza hut in our little town and its a call in I can give you the number if needed. We will return the favor asap. Thanks so much in advance.


Edit: Flippin Arkansas. ( yes its a real town.)
[Request] I was sick all week and had to take finals. I'm a broke college kid and would love to be able to taste some delicious pizza on my first friday feeling better.
Any pizza's good pizza ;)
[request] College Kid miscalculated rent and is thus broke. Like red numbers in my checking account.
So, I overdrew my account paying rent, and then I got the overdraft fee. So I'm like doubly overdrawn. I have training for a job on Saturday but like, payday won't be till Thursday. I have one thing of easy mac left in the cabinet, maybe some pasta, but man, I am so stressed out. Hook a stupid kid up with a cheese pizza? Would totally rock my weekend. If you wanted to go crazy, barbecue chicken pizza, but hey a large cheese pizza would feed me for a while, like 4 meals. I'm batting my eyelashes here. Thanks for hearing me out. 
[Request] Broke and hungry, please help (Aus/NZ)
I recently lost my job due to cost cutting, and now I have to wait until Tuesday before my first unemployment cheque goes through. Can someone please jsut help me out until Tuesday? I'd really appreciate it and will pay it forward on Wednesday.
[Request] Buy me a pizza and I'll do one of two things.
If some generous soul is awesome enough to buy me a pizza tonight, I will either:

a) Buy someone else a pizza when I've got the cash (pay it forward and all)

**OR**

b) Play you a song. I play tuba! I can also play guitar/bass decently, nothing special though.   
*Disclaimer: I'm not a very good singer.*

Your choice!

I live in Southern CA.
[Request] Working on a Web Publishing final and am starving, anyone care to feed a hungry student?
I've been working on a Web Publishing final all day, and am finally nearing completion. Though in the process, I forgot to get to the cafe in time to get myself a decent meal. All I've got here is cheese and bread, and while a staple, just isn't enough.

Would anyone care to give a RAOP PapaJohn's e-giftcard? They're the only place around here.

Edit - I suppose I should go ahead and mention I'm in Ohio. :)
I have a [Request] for a pizza in Chandler, AZ
No money until next friday : (
[REQUEST] No food / no money could use a pizza
So im unemployed and currently living with my brother. He went out of town and left me with a little bit of food. but he got delayed and is staying an extra day so i am out of food. I had lunch yesterday but wont have another way to get food until tomorrow night so a pizza or 2 would really help carry me over until he gets back in town. I hope this works. I can even make a drawing of anything for you if you would like.
[Request] Going to be completely honest, broke college student staying the summer at school with no friends or girlfriend at the moment, hungry.
Hi there. ill be the first to admit, this is my first time in this subreddit. I only heard about you guys after watching the x-post on /videos but im glad i have.

I am not homeless, nor am i in serious need of a meal but i am a college student who is currently staying for the summer and taking summer classes to make sure i can get out of here as soon as possible because im unfortunately paying my way through school for now. Im lonely up here and all my friends and roommates are home for the summer so its just me up here. I recently split from my girlfriend so that isnt helping my situation. I do have a job but im only getting 10 hours a week (even for summer) so im super low on money right now and havent been able to eat out in weeks. I know most posts arent like this or maybe they are im kinda new to this community, but i would greatly appreciate a pizza, even a personal mini one. Anything at all would boost my spirits and hopefully get me out of this funk. Im here to stay and as soon as i can get enough money to buy myself a pizza ill return the favor and reward someone else in much greater need. Cheers!
[REQUEST] Baltimore, MD
Starving, no money, no food...please reach out.
[REQUEST][UK] Bad depression day - real bad, I just need some food.
So, I won't bore you with the gruesome details. Last night, I had a really good time with some friends, and this morning, the charming head of mental illness decided to punch the good times clean out of me. I was awful to the people that I love, and now I'm on my own, too frightened out of my mind of what they think of me to talk to anybody. I probably don't deserve this, but I just need to eat something - I haven't been able to in a few days, and my stomach is making some ungodly noises.

I wouldn't normally ask, but my bank account is already in overdraft, and I don't ask for much - I have a usual order, and it comes to just over a fiver. If anyone could help, I will definitely pay it forward should you ever be in need. God knows, I've got plenty to make up for.
[Request] Hoping for pizza in TN
Laid off earlier in the month... my bank account is in the red (-$0.39!). We're hungry and tired of canned vegetables and Chicken Helper. Can't even remember the last time we had pizza! We live a ways out from town... We don't have enough gas to pick any pizza up, and the only place where I live that delivers where I am is Papa John's. Thanks for your consideration!
[Request]Atlanta, GA. Bank of America Screwed me over and now I'm left without funds for food
Since bank of america is bad at being a bank, they canceled my old debit card without sending me a new one because they may or may not have leaked some information regarding my account. So now here I am left without any means of acquiring food for the next couple days and a pizza pie would be really nice. 
[Request] Single, 33, unemployed 4 months.
I do freelance work online, but it isn't nearly enough to cover the bills. I rely on a local food bank (diabetes makes this difficult), and the assistance of my family. I'm looking for reliable work, but I live in a small town and I don't own a car; it makes things somewhat difficult. I've lived off of water and rice mixes for the last eight days, and could really go for a small pepperoni pizza. Nothing fancy; I'm a die-hard pepperoni fan.

Please message me, if you're feeling generous. There's a Papa Johns and a Pizza Hut within delivery distance, and a couple of Mom &amp; Pop places within a short walking distance.
(Request) Lancaster/PA Mother and daughter trying to keep cool.
We have no running air conditioner and the thought of having to turn the oven on turns my stomach. We don't have much to eat our food stamps don't come in for a few more days. If anyone could send us a pizza i would be very grateful. Thank you. God Bless!

Roxanne and Lilly
[Request][Ohio] Minor concussion and I look like I was b**** slapped by Freddie Kruger.
Doctor prescribed me Ambien and I decided to take a tumble into a DVD rack in my sleep. Broke and could use some comfort food. Image below.

http://i.imgur.com/iNPTIz0.jpg
[Request] About to be a part of an 8-hour fantasy football auction draft (Los Angeles)
12 teams, 16 rounds of auctioning - gonna take forever and I can't leave my battle station.  Can anybody send a pizza my way? 
[Request] My Mother and I could really use a pizza.
My mother and I have been rather down on our luck; paying phone, rent and credit card bills has left us with almost no funds at all and the both of us have been wanting a simple cheese pizza but with no way to pay for it. It would be really wonderful if someone could spare a pizza for the both of us. We're in New York City. Thanks so much if you can. :)
[REQUEST] Providence, RI. Ex gf's at party, friend's there, we weren't invited.
So me and my friend are stuck in our dorm while our friends are at a party that both of our ex gf's are also at. We're hoping our friend's didn't invite us cause of that reason. Either way, we're feelin a bit down, as well as sober, broke, and hungry. If any friendly Redditor would like to help us out a bit, we'll definitely return the favor to another hungry Redditor down the road. Thanks Reddit :)
[Request] No money, laid off, fiance stressed. Will gift a few games on steam for a pizza or two, and also post happy pics and love you forever.
Hello! I was laid off about 3 months ago, and haven't been able to find a job since. For 4-5ish months(maybe alittle less) my fiance had been hit by a truck and was out of work for that long. She has been back to work for about 2 months so we've been just getting by on payments. We had to take a loan out to pay for car issues and since I haven't been able to find a job, our bills are being paid late every month until we can finish paying this loan off. It's been fairly depressing, and I can see it affecting her and our relationship quite a bit. I hurt my back not long ago and have been in PT getting it fixed up. 
So my job searching hasn't been the best, they thought I would have to have surgery, now were working on just getting it to be anon pinched nerve so I can actually move more. We don't argue about money/food a lot, but I know it is affecting her and making her stressed.. And it hurts me to see it.

Anyways. In my fridge is milk and yogurt. Rice and frozen veggies is in the freezer(Rice in cabinet).. And we've basically been eating Ramen or rice for the past few weeks as we haven't gone shopping in a long time. It's her 2 days off starting today and if, out of the generosity of reddit users we could get 1 or 2 pizzas(2 would be optimum for left overs for the next dinner, but 1 is fine) I will gladly gift, post pictures, and even send you a thank you letter/upvote you for life.

I have these:
HL2,HL2:ep1,Portal,Magicka:vietnam
[Request] Polk County, FL - commuting, new job, trying to move...just broke and hungry and tired :(
started a new job that's an hour+ away from me (after being unemployed for nearly 4 months). two weeks before my first check. about $6 in my bank account and everything else goes to gas and moving expenses so i don't have to drive so far for this job. maxing out credit card just paying for gas and rental deposit. bah.

i'm tired and hungry and just want a giant pizza and some soda.
[Request] Student in Montreal pulling an all-nighter.
No sad story, i'm just a really hungry (and broke) student working on an essay that's due tomorrow. Wrote 1500 words yesterday thinking I could write another 2000 easily...I was wrong aha. 

It's shitty cause if i'm this broke now, I'm going to be even more broke next year with tuition hikes. 
(Request) Broke College Student down on luck. Very Hungry.
My girlfriend and I live together and usually rely on her pell grant money to get us through the semester. Unfortunately, this year, we were both denied financial aid. Luckily a member of her family took out a loan so she could go to school. I cannot. So here we are, knowing our paychecks are going to pay our late rent instead of food, which we have run out of. Tomorrow i plan to go sell some things to the pawn shop to get us through for a while. But we haven't eaten today. I know this is asking for a lot. But I don't see us being able to eat for at least another two days. Could someone help us out? Thank you for reading this.
[Request] Portland, OR. Spent most of my money putting my SO on a plane to Alaska to work for the summer... miss him already, could use some comfort food.
Pretty much exactly what it says in the title. I don't get paid for another two weeks, but I'm not starving. I could just really go for something pizza-like and maybe a 2-liter of soda to curl up on the couch with. :)
[Request] Munich, Germany - Haven't eaten in two days, ate nothing but Ramen for the last month and couldn't buy food in 3 months
[This is also a crosspost from /r/RandomActsofPizza - I'll close that posting if I get a reply here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/RandomActsOfPizza/comments/z59hz/request_havent_eaten_in_two_days_ate_nothing_but/)

So about 3 months ago I was fired from my old job. That's normally not a problem here in Germany, but to make a VERY long story short: The government agencies that are supposed to help you out in a case such as this didn't help me out. I haven't recieved any money in 3 months. So I have been living off of left-overs some friends bring by sometime. I'm a freelance voice-actor, but I haven't gotten any contracts lately, except for a bigger one 1 1/2 weeks ago.

However, my 'boss' there hasn't paid me yet. I'm about to lose my apartment and I ran out of food.

I'm not sitting idly by though - I've been sending out CVs like crazy and have gotten an interview for next week. We'll see how that goes.

So yeah, there's the short version of what happened. I don't really know what I'm supposed to write here, sorry. If you have any question, go ahead and ask.

If anyone is actually willing to send me pizza, then there could be a minor problem seeing as I live in Germany. But - if you have a credit card (mastercard/visa) we could use [lieferando](http://www.lieferando.de). I can guide you through the ordering process via Skype for example - or I'll write something up.

If you want me to do something for the Pizza: I could record something for you.

Thanks for reading, I guess?
(request)just ate my last taco shell.......
So broke:(I'm from vista,CA moving to Boston in about a week, but I seriously have no money and have to figure out how I'm gonna get by until then. I don't really have any friends to help me out otherwise I wouldn't be so flipping hungry!!! 
    I hate asking favors but if there's anyone out there who could help a brother out, I would be eternally grateful! As a sign of good faith I will even make an art piece dedicated to my pizza 
[request] Fraudulent activity has made me unable to buy food today
There was fraudulent activity on my account Thursday morning. I got a call and an e-mail from my bank saying that they froze my account and when I confirmed that the charges were in fact fraud cancelled my card. A new one is on it's way, but that doesn't help me with my hunger today. I can provide proof with the e-mail they sent me Thursday morning. 
Thanks Everyone!
[Request] Philadelphia, PA Couple in Financial Rough Patch.
Its my first time posting on the subreddit so please forgive if anything is done improperly. We're 23 both freelance workers, though we're currently looking for other jobs since there have been less and less gigs as time passes. Moneys been tight. Thought some warm pizza would be a nice pick me up.
[REQUEST] No sob story, it's just my birthday tomorrow and I really like pizza :D
My husband has to work 7-5 and class from 530-930 on my bday, so I just wanna order some pizza and read a book to occupy myself tomorrow. Anyone wanna hook it up with a pizza? 
[REQUEST] Hungry in Ohio
I have no sob story here, just jobless right now no food in fridge and hungry,I'd love to pay it forward once I get back on my feet again. would love it if someone could help me out today, sick of bumming off of my friends even though they say they dont mind
(Request) - College Student and Army girlfriend would love pizza today. Delivery Driver + Accident = No income and no money =/
The title pretty much explains it all. I've been working as a wings delivery driver while in college to pay for rent/bills/food etc. A week and a half since we've had a car/income. I'd really appreciate a random act of pizza, it would make my girlfriend, me, and Henry http://imgur.com/HRB8m our kitten very happy :). Thanks for reading.
[REQUEST] PA Leaving for rehab tomorrow, a last pizza meal would be awesome
I'm going into a residential rehab tomorrow for 6 months. It's finally time to get my life together once and for all. A pizza from a random redditor would be a great going away gesture. Thanks.
[Request] from AZ. My sons birthday is in 3 days. Can somebody get mommy and toddler a pizza?  :)
My son will be 1 on Friday. He does eat pizza and anything else dont worry because he has 10 teeth. Early birthday present anybody? :)
[Request]Silsbee, TX
Would love pizza for me and the family on Tuesday so I wouldn't have to heat up the kitchen making dinner! Having trouble with the wiring that runs the window A/C so can't run it during the day, it shuts down the breaker for the room; and while I was able to get out today and stay cool, tomorrow I will have to stay home &amp; cope. Thanks for reading!
[REQUEST] We've got literally no food left until Wednesday (stock check included)
Here's a list of current edible food (edible, keyword people):

1. 4 Eggo waffles (syrup is Dated July 2009, we're good like that).
2. 1/4 box generic Cinnamon Toast Crunch - no milk.
3. 1/3 bag Stale Cheetos.
4. Hot cocoa powder (no marshmallows included, what are we, animals?)
5. 1 slice of American cheese, no bread or crackers.
6. 1/10 Bear of Honey (went well with the waffles last 2 days tbqh).
7. 10-15 otter pops (piña colada flavor, useless).

If anyone would be willing to help out a couple of dudes in need, I'd definitely pay it forward as soon as I can (most likely a couple weeks). Keep in mind, that is a literal stock check of edible food. There is no hidden Ramen or sandwich materials, and the last of our funds went towards keeping the cats fed.

Location: Gilbert, Arizona
[Request] - It's the last day of finals and I've been up for 3 days. A slice of pizza could be the extra motivation I need to finish this 20 page religion paper. Help a girl out in the Chicago area! 

{Request} AmeriCorps service member in need of pizza relief in Toledo, OH.
Alright...so, I'll try to keep it brief, not sure if I'm doing this right...I'm a grad student studying school psychology, I work as a fitness coach training the elderly to stay limber and healthy, I mentor, and I am currently working as a AmeriCorps member with United Way going out and meeting with parents and community members discussing how to get them more involved in their school.  On the weekends, I volunteer at an organic CSA farm and I'm getting getting ready to get married next summer.  

Man, long story short reddit, I never eat out, but I just finished giving this brainiac an IQ test that took 3 hours and I would REALLY love to have some pizza...I'm broke (make less than minimum wage when my 2 "jobs" are averaged out) otherwise I'd just buy it myself.  

I have beer, but no pizza.  I'm not gonna go hungry but...I've been up since 4:00 a.m. and I really need a pizza.  If I get a pizza I'll plant something for you at the farm :)

Thanks for your consideration!
{Request}Pizza sounds really amazing right now!
I'm not poor or anything but my fellow redditor room mate and I are starving and the fridge is kind of on the empty side. Anybody out there wanna help a couple of their fellow redditors!    Louisville, kentucky. Stay classy reddit!
[request] Laid off on day off Wichita, KS
I've been debating whether to post here or not, because I am just beyond shocked. My boss called this morning and said they company had to let me go. He said they had to let several people go and because I was newer I guess I would be one of the first to go. I just started a month ago and had been looking for work for 4 months. I don't know what to tell the wife as I've been at the computer most of the day trying to take my mind off of it while looking for work. I'm hoping she will take the news as best as she can over a good meal. We're not without food, but I know that she loves pepperoni and mushroom pizza. 

What's left in the bank and what's coming in the next check will all go to bills, so I really have no way of treating her to her favorite. I've worked hard to provide for my family, but I feel like less of a man when I can't. I'm hoping someone can help me treat my wife to her favorite and that she will handle the situation well. Thank you for reading and understanding.
[request] ofallon mo- broken leg out of work.. pizza please
Hi my cousin kellie told me about this website cause she had received a pizza for her and her son when they were in need.. well i'm going to be completely honest on how it all happened.. my friend took me to a party i drank a little much for myself and jumped off a hayloft in a barn into some card board boxes and snapped my fibula and tibia in half and had to have surgery with a medal rod and four screws in my leg. it happened on june 30th and i have been out of work ever since i work and at lions choice they are holding my job for me but i still have a good four months before i can return to work. i understand it was my stupidity that put me in this place and i am completely flat broke since ive been out of work if someone could help that would be awesome :)
[REQUEST] Beaverton, OR area - wife and I are stressed and broke. She just texted me and said all she wants right now is pizza. Please help me surprise her!
We just moved to the area, and as a result of putting down a huge deposit on our new home and getting in a recent accident, and my wife starting a new job that turned out to be the opposite of what she was told, we are broke and stressed. She just texted me and said she really would like some pizza and wine for dinner tonight just to relax her nerves, but we don't have enough right now to afford either. 

I really want to give her a break tonight, she does so much for us and she really deserves something to make her feel better after a long and stressful week. Thanks!

EDIT: We have a Pizza Hut nearby, so feel free to use a Pizza Hut ecard: https://pizzahut.cashstar.com/gift-card/buy/?ref=ph1 
{Request} San Diego, CA Short on cash, Pizza Hut for programming all nighter would be appreciated.
I only have a pizza hut nearby plus some local places that are much more expensive.

What I'm programming? An Escape game in Java, think myst but without having to keep a notebook of all the riddles.

EDIT: 50 tries on that pizza hut game and nothing. :(
[REQUEST] USA Illinois, just a kid who wants to mess with his parents
It's not about the food. I have dinner already made, so I won't be going hungry. I just think itll be funny watching what my parents do getting free pizza when we already ate dinner. If they'll take it out not, if they'll argue of what. Actually, if someone could get the pizza to arrive at like 9 or 10, it'll probably be even better. It doesn't even need to be pizza, just something, breadsticks maybe. Just something to make my parents wonder why there's summertime at our door at 10 o clock
[request] Broke college student in Baton Rouge, LA looking for some good brain food 
To whom it may concern, I just bombed a Math test and now I will be up all night studying for Finals and doing most of my Math work that is do tomorrow. If anyone could take pity on a brother I would greatly appreciate it. 
[Request] Friend from out of town randomly showed up. Haven't seen him in two years
CAN WE STILL CELEBRATE WITH A PIZZA???
[REQUEST] 
Busy and hungry university student in Edmonton, Alberta CA would lurrrrve a break from ramen noodles by way of pizza. Hot, melty good times please! :)
[request] because you people are so great
I would like to request pizza this evening. A friend of mine is coming over to drop off Dexter Season 1 and she is not bringing me any food. I would like to wwtch this show with my young teens and enjoy some Papa Johns or similar. If anyone can help, thanks in advance.
[Request] Donate a pizza to a homeless shelter today or tomorrow in Madison, WI courtesy of Roman Candle Pizza
https://www.facebook.com/TheRomanCandle?fref=ts

Today we are donating to a GREAT cause! The East Washington Day Shelter, a shelter for the homeless, collected hot pizzas from us to serve their guests. The shelter only serves from 12-2pm and is serving roughly 75 people!

There's still more that's needing. Because of that we'll be donating today, tomorrow, and Friday. We are only donating 5 a day - and that's where YOU COME IN!

If you're interested in donating a pizza to the shelter tomorrow or Friday please call our Willy St location (608-258-2000) before 12pm to sponsor a donation. It's getting cold out and there's nothing more needed than warm food. Please help us support this shelter!
[Request] My friends don't get paid until Saturday and are foodless. I can't help them, maybe someone else can?
I have two friends who are on hard times right now. They just moved and are living paycheck to paycheck. They've had to go without food for a few days now, and I hate to see them like this and not be able to do anything about it myself (Since I'm also scraping by). Any help would be appreciated. I'd love to be able to tell them food is on its way.
[Request] Embarrassed &amp; hungry redditor.
So I made this throwaway because I just feel bad about having to post here, but it's a last resort.  I've been unemployed for a few months and my cash is just winding low.  I'm in the midst of classes that have been taking up my time and preventing me from finding a new job and I'm starting to really stress out about having to pay rent in ~10 days.  I'm not expecting anything, but I figured I'd try for a pizza.  I have a verification code.
[REQUEST] AZ, USA. It's my 21st Birthday.
Need some delicious pizza to go with the massive amounts of alcohol I'll definitely be drinking.
[Request] Will trade puppy pictures for pizza!
So, I'm hungry, and I want pizza (I'm in Texas).  But I'd really like to trade you for it!

I have a REALLY cute dog (a Chihuahua, but not the kind that can be mistaken for a rat) and I have some pretty cute pictures of her that I'll "trade" for some pizza.  You can talk with PastafarianTwit if you need verification that she's cute!  :)

PLUS, to sweeten the deal, I'll post a Thank you, with some pics of pizza and puppy, so everyone can enjoy!  :)

I'll be in the chat room and lurking here if you'd like to set up the deal.  And gosh, this sounds like I'm trying to trade drugs, but no, only cute puppy pictures for nom-able pizza. :)

Thanks in advance!

EDIT: DrinkNDerive can also independently confirm that the pics I have to offer are top-grade cute.

EDIT the 2nd: I got too hungry, with no responses, so I ordered on my own.  Still, if you'd like to still trade for a gift-card for future pizza, PM me and we'll work something out.  :)
[request] Royal Hospital Lagos Nigeria Would love pizza and your credit card information
Dear Sir,
 
 Please to you very much this fine day, blessed be your Niel Degrass Tyson, I am very sick and in the hospital for many weeks. I need you to send me a pizza immediately this day to cure and pay for my many necissary surgjeris. Please do act now! Please include the full name, the 16 digit credit card information, expiration. Many thanks to you and the midnight pork whales and your god sagan. Thanks you and please hurry
[REQUEST] My wife and I just moved to Austin, TX, and an unfortunate mistake have left us with nothing but Ramen until tomorrow afternoon. A pizza would be greatly appreciated!
We moved to Austin recently, and our spare food money was in a PayPal account. We overlooked that our PayPal debit card expired back in April. We've contacted PayPal already, and the debit card is in the mail, and should be arriving tomorrow. All we have until then is several packs of Ramen noodles. Any help would be greatly appreciated!

[Request] Toronto Ont. could really use a pizza boost in hard times
My husband and I have been in a bad situation financially for...well....a long time. Personally, I haven't really been in a "good" financial situation my whole life. He hasn't been employed for over 2 years (except for a part time job he had for a little bit) and I worked full time to barely make ends meet. I got fired. We couldn't pay our bills to begin with. Pizza would be a great pick me up considering that our cupboards are bare and I've been waiting a month for my unemployment which STILL hasn't come in...and I still have no idea when they will decided I can have some money or even if I'm going to get anything...and April 8th was my birthday. I can't remember the last holiday that I have actually been able to celebrate with more than a "oh look at that its (my birthday, Chanukah, Valentines Day, Our Anniversary, etc.)...thats nice". I would really like to surprise my husband with a pizza. 
Thank you guys for even reading this, its good to know that there are good people out there who care about others. :) Hopefully my luck will improve (it better! its been years!) and I can return the favour.
[Request/Trade] Funds all tied up in PayPal
Freelance worker here, currently my funds are all stuck in PayPal. I'm willing to do a fair trade if somebody can order me a pizza! I'm willing to pay double for the order!
[request] Pretty bad end of the week, could use a nice pizza to cheer me up. Anyone? thank you.
Just down on my luck, couple of rough things happened including losing my job.
[Request] would love to surprise my mom, dad, and two brothers with pizza tonight &lt;3
My family is so nice and awesome I would love to surprise them with pizza. &lt;3 thanks -Tif
[request] San Diego Bank account drained and hungry!
Out of work for several weeks now, unemployment has been less than helpful getting things sorted and currently waiting to get called back in for an assignment at work.  Pizza got into my head and now I'm sadly craving it something fierce...
[Request] NSW, Australia. I'm a student home alone studying for my finals, and I have no money, and nothing to eat. A pizza would be greatly appreciated :)
I've been left at home all day in order to study for my Trial HSC (end of my last year of school before Uni), and I've found myself with a severe lack of food!

I know it's not the most urgent request, but a pizza would just be absolutely amazing right now, Reddit &lt;3

If it's not possible because I live in Australia, just tell me :P
[Request] Been living on ramen and pasta for the past week. See inside for more info.
Some help please? I do have more ramen and pasta. Just want a delectable pie instead with a twist on the process.

I have been here before and have made requests. My one caveat is that I can pay the willing giver back with a pizza when I get paid. In this case it will be this Friday.

However this time I want to do something different. I want to either pay it forward to a person of the givers choice with an included explanation as to why the person deserves a pie, or by giving me an explanation as to why you have decided to give to me a pie.

I want to do it this way to provide some entertainment for the sub, and so this doesn't look like just another desperate request. I look forward to your stories and reasoning.
[Request] Housemate ditched me to go to a party tonight! Would love to properly start breaking bad and eat my sorrows to pizza.
Pretty much she left me home to go to a houseparty! Ive just started breaking bad so would love to eat pizza along with this... thankyou! 
( Also in the UK if that helps? )
[request] Girlfriend and I have no food. Long shot but no harm in trying. We're in Northern Ireland if that helps. Cheers
Girlfriend is HUNGRY.  Won't be paid for a while so have been eating fucking poppyseed crackers to stave off hunger today.  I know this is America centric so it's a long shot.

EDIT: Worth noting that when i do acquire funds this week I will pay it forward to another UK resident
[Request] I'm an Undergrad student who isn't on meal plan on the weekends, I'm hungry &amp; I got ditched by my friends tonight. I just want to smoke a bowl and eat some pizza.
that is all. HALP!@#$%^%
[REQUEST]new to site
Hello people. I found out about this website from a friend and I just don't believe it to be true. If it is, I will become a key contributor to this website to help the needy. Nothing makes me happier than helping fellow mankind. If someone could send me a pizza to verify and so I could have a tasty lunch, I'll make sure to return the favor and keep donating.
[Request] Huge exam coming up, pulling an all-nighter.  I have 8 dollars in my bank account and only a container of mayo in my fridge.
Er, so yeah.  I'm feeling a little peckish and could really use some brain food to help keep me up tonight.  I believe the dominos where I live is open until midnight.  I'm on the east coast.

[How much money I have.](http://i.imgur.com/VYlTr.jpg)

I get paid at the end of the week and will most definitely pay it forward!

[Request] Girlfriend and I are exhausted from preparing to move to the land of no pizza.
I preemptively realize that this post is at a severe risk of sounding like a pity party, but I want to make it clear that I am not trying to create a sob story here. But, I also want to be honest. Know that I am happy (pizza or not)! With that disclaimer out of the way, here is sort of what is happening in my life, cliff-note style.

-I am poor in the college-student sort of way. My parents are broke, so I worked my way through college working for AT&amp;T 40 hours a week.

-I did well in college

-Upon graduating, I received a US government grant to move to Taiwan for a year.

-Yay!

-However, there was a six month gap between college and moving to Taiwan, one that was really hard to fill with employment. So, we are pretty broke.

-The last few weeks of my life have been insane. Applying for visas, passports, getting medical clearances, seeing every doctor in town, selling my car, buying a new wardrobe, packing or selling everything I own... you get the idea. My GF and I have been waking up, scrambling all day, and going back to bed. We are exhausted and broke.

-I am leaving to Taiwan in 4 days, and I still have so much to do that it's quite upsetting.

-From what I understand, the pizza situation in Taiwan is quite depressing :(

So, I ask for some help for my GF and I, one last chance to eat some pizza before we move on into the unknown (and one less thing to have to figure out tonight as we continue packing).

I had always read about this sub-reddit, but never participated. I always figured that if I did, I would be giving away a pizza. But, at the moment, it seems life put me in the position of the requester.

Pizza or not, I think this is a really cool subreddit, and I am super excited to be moving abroad, despite all the stress involved with preparing.

Thanks for listening, and I can't wait until I am in a position to be the pizza giver.

EDIT: Sorry, I am in the Atlanta, GA area. I just re-read the info site and noticed I missed this bit.

[request] Family in northwest Indiana
~~Reddit has given me a lot lately, and I am very thankful. So if you are going to choose between me and someone that needs it more, go with someone else. I have a 6 person family - me, husband, and kids 10, 5, 4, and turning 2 next month - and with me having to buy the parts for a new computer (I make my living online) and trying to buy xmas presents, we aren't going to be able to eat anything that isn't homemade for awhile. I normally make pizza myself, but we're out of cheese. My 4 year old has asked me every morning for the past 3 days if we can have pizza for dinner...~~

Someone that wishes to remain anonymous sent me some pizza. Thanks so much!!
[Request] Hoping to get a pizza tonight
Not trying to give a sob story. Times are rough right now and my mom had some medical issues that I left college to come home to help with. A pizza would brighten both of our days. I'll pay it forward as soon as I can afford to do so.
[REQUEST] It's my birthday! I don't have anyone to spend it with.
My family and friends are away and I'm out of cash to do anything. This would be an awesome present :)

Edit: I'm in NYC
[*REQUEST!*] Pizza for my friend in LA
I'm not asking for pizza for myself (I'm vegan) but for my friend. He lives in LA (I live on the east coast) and has fallen on hard times. He's going to school and will graduate in December, but was laid off a couple of months ago and will soon be evicted. I don't really have any expendable income at the moment. Maybe some internet kindness can lift his spirits. Thank you. 
(Offer) Pizza for a redditor who has never requested/received before
It seems like a lot of requests are from people who had requested repeatedly in the past, sometimes that is all they post on reddit. I would like to give a pizza to a redditor who has contributed lots of non-pizza posts. 

I'll plan on giving the person I choose a pizza tomorrow. PM me :)

[Request] Vote for my girlfriend's dad's pizza restaurant
I don't ask for any pizza I only ask for your vote in a local pizza poll.

My girlfriend is an Italian immigrant and thus her dad is also Italian. Her dad is the owner and founder of Ciro's New York Pizza in Centerville Virginia. I find the man honorable and look up to him and want to do something for him as a small thank you for his daughter being in my life.

Please if you have a minute of spare time, vote for Ciro's pizza [here](http://www.northernvirginiamag.com/pizza/). Help an immigrant build the American dream.

(if this post is too much a violation of the rules, I understand)
[Request] Finally went to school after 2 years of severe anxiety!
I've never been this happy in years. Yesterday, I finally made it to school for the first time in 2 years. I have social phobia and depression and I would never even step foot outside my apartment, even to walk my dog. After years of therapy and medication, I somehow managed to gather up my courage and start a new life for myself. 
    I would love to celebrate with a pizza! I really wish I could provide proof, but I'm not sure how I can prove this kind of stuff. I can say, however that I live in NY.
    Thank you all so much for even reading this, I really appreciate it.  Much love &lt;3

edit: formatting
[Request]  Got a call back, but they said i didn't get the job.  Bummed out in South Carolina =/
I had applied for this job that would have been perfect for me.  My current job is so stressful it puts me in tears every other week, and with Christmas coming it is just bound to get worse.  I went in and interviewed and they said they would talk it over.  They hadn't expected to hire anyone but my application had skills on it that are just rare and they could use.  (i worked in an engraving/framing shop, and they have an engraving part to their store)

Turns out though that my available hours just aren't what they're looking for.  I can either compromise my study time for school to take this job, causing me school stress, or i can stay at my already shitty place but not have school stress.  Either way, stress.

So i'm bummed, and could really use a pizza.  Or better yet, subway, since i'm supposed to be on a diet/making a life change.  But today i just don't care as much about that as i should.  Between finding that out, and my desktop computer with all my awesomeness not turning on yesterday, my thanksgiving break has just been shit.   

(No idea what's wrong with the computer.  it's getting power, but when it turns on it sounds like eight hundred fans turn on inside, and it never goes to a login screen.  I don't know enough about computers to fix it. That was usually the ex-husbands job)

long story short, my computer is broke, and i didn't get a job that would have made my life hella easier.  I'm bummed and want to eat comfort food.

fyi- would have to be for pickup.  I live too far out for delivery. 
[Request] Ofallon, MO- Just got new apartment.. first night in could use something :) 
i know it's a new account but i can do the verification thing i seen this posted on facebook and thought i would give it a shot.. no sad story or nothing just first night in my apartment after leaving my husband... and wanna give the kids something special.. they are still adjusting to not having him around.. i have a phone so i can take pics i just don't know how to get them on here. if someone wants to help that would be AWESOME! if not or if you do thanks for all you do for the people on here.. it's a great deed :) 
[Request, UK] Uni student preparing for exams
Hi all, I am a broke uni student studying for exams. I have a buy one get one free code (so I have lunch and dinner for tomorrow) for domino's as well. I will pay it back when I Get the chance. Thanks!
[Request] Boston, MA
I'm a history major, not looking for much just a pizza to cheer me up. My girlfriend broke up with me last night, and I'm not handling it well. Maybe pizza is the best cure for depression, because I am missing my girl. 
[REQUEST]Been feeling under the weather, but now I have my appetite back. Haven't been grocery shopping and all I have here is breakfast food.  Pizza?-- Savannah, GA
If this works, I will buy someone else a pizza next week.
[Request] Law student with quite a bit of reading to do (Western PA)
Today's the day I have to buckle down and get my reading done for the week so that I don't fall behind.  The fiancee is at work and there's no food in the house.
[Request] Full time student by day, full time janitor by night (Tampa,FL) :)
This is my first time using this subreddit. I don't have an elaborate sob story, but I can say that payday is Friday and i will gladly return the favor. O:-) 

I don't exactly know how this works, so please be patient with me as I learn. :-)
[Request] Hungry hungry hippogriff
I am a mythical creature and I've got a giant sized craving for some pizza! Actually I'm just a man, but the part about the giant sized craving is true. So if it be in your heart to randomly buy some poor stranger a pizza, let it be me. 

Thank you!
I am yours sincerely,
Witherwings
[Request] Have been eating peanut butter sandwhiches for a few days. Would really appreciate something different after getting of my min wage job. Central Austin, tx.
Hey! Just got off my retail job that im working until i finish my teaching certification (hs math/physics). 

Been eating peanut butter sandwiches for a few days now until i get paid at the end of the week.

Would really appreciate it and would repay the favor soon!

Thank you! May The Flying Spaghetti Monster grace you with his noodly appendage!
[Request]Texas, drinking by myself tonight and would love a pizza
Hey r/random_acts_of_pizza, none of my friends wanted to hang out so I'm just drinking by the pool, and would love a pizza zibbity zang to go with this shiner bock pudding pops! A zippity  boo dop
[REQUEST] Off of both jobs tonight, just wanting some pizza.
Hi! I felt bad making a request but I'm home alone and off of both of my jobs tonight. Didn't want to eat ramen or spaghettios again for dinner. &lt;3
[Request] Tampa FL blindsided with sudden pizza pangs
Hello fellow pizza enthusiasts, it's been a rough couple months. I've been subsisting on instant pancakes and rice for quite a while now since the opening for the store I'm supposed to work at keeps getting pushed back. Suffice to say I have never wanted a pizza more in my life. I've got 6 bucks left to my name and really just want a dang pizza
[REQUEST] Southern Arizona, Tucson Hungry Family
Hello! It's been a hard 2 months with money and I listed some goodies on craigslist so I could make some food money for my family and the people never showed up =(  The cupboards are empty, no bread or P&amp;J. Is there anyone that wouldn't mind helping me out tonight? My family would appreciate it so very much. Thank you for your time in reading our plea. 

Edit: Tarn33 Came to are rescue and soon my family will be enjoying some much needed pizza!
[Request] (San Diego) Pizza for my GF and my last lunch before I go back home
So this is my first time requesting anything. I'm sorry if I don't understanding the formatting or the information I put.

After being away from my GF for nearly a month, I was finally able to come down and see her this weekend... but only for 2 days. It usually costs me a lot of money just for the trip so and I can't afford to spend money I don't have.

I am a big fan of paying it forward and promise to make an offer when I am able to. Thank you :)
(Request) NOLA college student who just found out that he will be in school another semester instead of graduating in a month...AAAAAAArghhhhhh
A pizza would brighten my day, but really anything nice you could say would bring cheer
[Request] Seattle Nearly Broke and Hungry
Thank you so much for the pizza Trisha!
[REQUEST] In southern New Hampshire and broke as hell.
I'm just hanging out with my sibling, bored as hell, nothing too interesting here but god I would suck a thousand dicks for a buffalo chicken pizza.

If anybody replies to this: There is a heaven for penises and I will take you there.
[Request] Student in Mount Pleasant, MI
Hey everyone,

So, I was a student at Central Michigan University last semester, but due to financial reasons, I couldn't attend this semester.  I used the last of my money recently to sign onto a friends lease, so my bank accounts are currently zero-ed out, and I don't have a credit card.

  I had gotten hired by a pyramid scheme place, and they didn't pay me, even though I met the criteria to get paid.  I just had orientation for a new job, but I won't start for another week, and won't get paid for another two.  I have almost no food in this house, except for some bread, and some crackers.  Is there any way someone could send me some pizza? It'd be greatly appreciated, and I would pay it forward once I have some cash. 

Thanks for reading.
[Request] Having it rough lately, could use a little help. Delicious help.
Not to post some long, drawn-out sob story I'll just leave it to this: It's been going pretty badly for a while now and it'd be nice to have some lunch today. 
I'm in the Twin Cities area of Minnesota. 
[REQUEST] Just want to smile. I'm too reserved to spill my sob story. Kindness by pizza giving = Smiles.
OP WILL deliver with pics vía PM. 
My best friend broke his ankle (REQUEST)
My best friend broke his ankle, and i would like to see if anyone out there cares to help me get him dinner, as he is using all of his cash on medical expenses, and He cannot work, due to not being able to stand. If needed, i can give a picture as proof. To anyone that reads this, this is NOT for me, and i would really appreciate the help :]

EDIT: North Texas. Sorry :]
[Request] Just found RAOP and kinda new to reddit.
FIRST OF ALL I DON'T NEED THIS PIZZA.

There seems to be a lot of people that do so go to them first.

But I do love the whole idea of the subreddit and thought it'd be fun to try. I religiously love pizza. :)
[Request] Pizza would be nice right about now [Hesperia, CA]
I'll be honest, there are other people here who probably deserve a pizza more than I do, but at the moment, a pizza sounds really good.
As background, I'm a college student living in Hesperia, CA (AKA: One of the most boring regions of California), who is currently composing a sonnet for his Creative Writing class. I've been craving pizza for the past few days, but I haven't been able to buy any because of the financial aid office holding out on student grants/loans. A recent switch to a college debit card system has pretty much put a lot of people's money in limbo for the time being. This has been annoying, to say the least, since I have books to buy, a gas tank to fill, and an oil leak to fix as well.

Right now, I would only have my gratitude to offer as thanks. Anything would be appreciated.
Don't want to spend rent money / ask parents for help. [Request]
I have ~20 bucks on me since I sent the rent check off yesterday, and I hate asking my parents for cash when I get paid from my job on the 15th. I'm at work now (on campus job) and don't really want to eat Pop Tarts for dinner. There's a Dominos next to campus that always has cheap student specials, but I want to try and make my 20 dollars last as long as possible simply because I don't want to ask for bailout from my parents (trying to actually be an adult and make a living for myself.)

It's okay if you guys want to give to someone more needy! I just kinda thought I'd try and see if this struck with anyone familiar with the situation! Best of luck to everyone out there!
[request] humble request from Sun City/Ruskin, FL
i'm a 22 year old part time college student (anthropology). alcoholic dad kicked me out last night. parents got divorced and can't stand my stepdad. this is so pathetic but my bank account is at zero and i have no cash. living off mcdonalds dollar menu for lunch.

quick edit: Hunger really makes you realize how much the world has to offer, and how little you have. got my verification code thing too.
[Request] I will do random act for Pizza.
Just what it says. If you want me to do a random act for pizza, let me know what it is and how to prove it. Sorry, I don't have a cat. My apartment doesn't allow it. I'm doing this as an experiment and as a treat for my girlfriend. (I will eat the pizza with her.) I live in a major city, if that helps for ideas. 
Edit: Okay! Here is http://youtu.be/2wy4UyWBtgY It is still uploading cause I'm an idiot. Enjoy when it is done!
Edit2: Sorry reddit, it'll be about 1AM PST before it's done "processing." I guess I used a dense format.
Edit3: Hooray, it's done!
[REQUEST][Cambridge] CAN SOMEONE BUY ME THIS 
...
Can someone buy me this : http://www.amazon.com/Maruchan-Ramen-Noodle-Soup-3oz/dp/B001CUGD9Y/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1323107399&amp;sr=8-2

A egift card worth just a dollar more than that would be great! I can have it shipped for free :) . dot edu \m/

Will last a week for me and my 3 y.o. nephew. Me and my nephew stay together, my sister is handicapped, I study at a college in Cambridge. Mom and pop broke. Me no different. I am a waitress at a local restaurant on weekends. 

Will pay it forward .
request
located in kansas city, missouri.  my roommate used all my cash for gas and i haven't eaten in two days.  i'd appreciate some food.  promise to pay it forward.
[REQUEST] Myrtle Beach, SC. Cousin and I moved out recently. He is unemployed and we have been living very meager (can't eat out at all.) We were talking about pizza the other day and how much we miss it. If anyone would kindly donate we would be forever grateful!
 Stumbled across this subreddit and figured it was worth a shot. My cousin and I moved out on our own a few weeks ago and he is unemployed. I have been paying all bills/ buying all groceries and other expenses. We've been living very meager and haven't eaten out since we moved. We were talking the other day about how we would love a pizza. I anyone would kindly donate we would be very appreciative and would most certainly reciprocate in any way we can.
[Request] Texas, USA
I would love to chill out with a pizza tonight, I will give you a shoutout on a youtube video. (Yes I am watched by many) and I will give you a great big shoutout and thank you on video. I dont get paid till tuesday and I am sick of eating corndogs.... hahaha.. Pizza sure sounds good. 
[REQUEST] Family of special needs kids would like a pizza
We have three kids, two with autism, and one of them has been throwing a violent tantrum since about 8pm. Our townhouse is very small, and the other two kids can't be in their beds right now for safety reasons, so they're "going to sleep" in the rec room. Obviously they're still awake. I don't get paid until Thursday, and we could really use a pizza to make this less awful on the family.
[REQUEST] All I have is cereal and spoiled milk
I guess I could just eat the cereal, but that's all I've eaten for days. It's pretty nauseating. I've actually been really down lately because I literally haven't hung out with people in ages. That aside, I don't have a job anymore, and my food supply has gone low. If someone could just buy a pizza for me today, I would honestly appreciate it and spread it out as long as possible. Hopefully things will pick up around late July/August as everyone goes back to school
[request] found out girl I was with isn't pregnant! Let's celebrate! 
Hey people well yea i was with my ex one night and to be honest she kinda sorta little bit raped me. I know, how can a guy get raped? WELL IT HAPPEN K! And after two months of waiting, mother nature answered my prayers! I would really like to celebrate this and I've never gotten a pizza through this before, but I promise if I receive a pizza I will give someone a pizza in the future as well! Thanks everyone! If i do miraculously get chosen I shall pm my details.

[Bill Murray demonstrating how I feel](http://imgur.com/V2NRn)

edit: just found out though i have to work tomorrow from 12 to 1 am...... yay...

[REQUEST] FAMILY OF FIVE STARVING IN STATEN ISLAND, NY.
We have two children - both under the age of 4 - and three adults who have been eating nothing but rice for almost two weeks. We have no money for food let alone anything else. I heard about your RAOP Kindness and wanted to know if we could have some sent this way. 
[Request] Some foodage in Virginia
Due to a doctor's visit and meds pick-up for a flare-up of asthma, I find myself housesitting tonight with no food left and no extra fundage whatsoever to go get something.

I'm in Disputanta, Virginia (part of Prince George), would appreciate any help!
[REQUEST]Virginia USA - Behind on student loans, selling my ps3 on CL, hungry until payday
(*throwaway acct*)
I never thought I'd get to this point, I am selling my ps3 on craigslist and I just ran out of cereal (I have been living on dry cereal+water for the past week).  I can't eat until I get paid on the 15th, I just eat popcorn at work to fill my stomach.  It's really sad but you have to do what you have to do.  (I could make a large pizza last a week for sure).  When I get paid I WILL pay it forward, I always keep my promises.

I have a verification code and even a link to my craigslist post (still not answered after having posted it before the 1st of May).  I can take a pic of my ridiculously empty fridge/pantry, bank account is pitiful right now.

Can someone help me? Thanks so much!
[Request] After 17 days in NICU, the baby is finally home! Dad has to work and I don't feel like cooking. Help? (edited just because)
&lt;a href="http://imgur.com/CPw0Q" title="Hosted by imgur.com"&gt;http://imgur.com/CPw0Q.jpg&lt;/a&gt;

 pic of what a hungry baby may look like
[Request] Broke NY high school kid in need of a full stomach!
I am a high school kid supporting myself. I get paychecks biweekly and I have ~$1 in my bank account. I usually eat breakfast and lunch at school, but this week is February break. A pizza would hold me over until pay day. I get paid on Thursday and I will gladly return the favor then, twice even! 
[Request] Toronto - Canada. Would love pizza to help out.
I do get paid tomorrow but my kind of out of food until then. The last remnants of my cash was in my wallet which I misplaced at the pride parade on Tuesday. 

To top off my lack of funds and food I already have to go through the painful and humiliating act of calling up my credit cards to have them cancelled, get a new drivers license/health card and much more =.=... Just down on my luck a bit and could use a pizza.

Thanks :].

Used a throwaway because I really would rather not have my friends/family know of my situation at the moment.. strange double standards I have I know. I won't get help from my friends or family but I'll ask strangers on the internet &gt;&lt;" I am willing to provide my actual account via pm :p
[Request] Sick student, stuck home alone. A pizza would cheer me up
I'm a college student, so I don't have much money, and I'm home (in Texas, if that's important) over Christmas break. But I've been sick this whole week. My whole family is gone to work or school and I don't have much energy for making food. A small pizza, even just bread sticks, would be nice. Thanks for reading this :)
[REQUEST] Smashed finger at work and no workmans comp til friday A pizza for the injured?(Inland Empire California)
I smashed my finger under a milk crate at work and I am unable to work right now but I will get workmans comp friday. But till them im at home with pain meds but no food to take with it. A pizza will hold me over til friday. Any help would be appreciated and reciprocated friday.
(Request) Portland, OR ~ Does early redditor get the worm aka pizza? No mean people invited to my post...
In a nutshell, i've been reading requests, offers, and comments and there are alot of nice giving people and alot of mean people; if you are mean and judgemental stop reading and go to another post. I decided to give this a try and see if I will survive...
I am the oldest of 6 children, i'm 19, and we are a family of 8. I know, BIG family. Anyways, I wouldn't have it any other way as I have enjoyed having my younger brothers and sisters to pick on but we never got or get to have pizza as a family because when my parents buy one it is never enough for all of us so I would like to have a couple of pizzas to enjoy with my family where we don't have to be reminded that we can only have one slice of pizza because WTF, who gets full with one slice. Also, my parents are not on any assistance which would be great for us but they are struggling financially.
If someone can help great, if not, thank you anyways. We do have junk food like peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and chocolate chip cookies but no PIZZA. Dominoes will work if anyone is interested in helping me surprise my family. Thanks
[Request] Living in Seattle for two months; low on cash
Hi Redditors,
My name is Tom Maxwell and I'm coming to you to ask for a favor. I'm 16-years old and living in Seattle for two months to participate in a summer business program. Long story short, I have $1.86 in my bank account and my parents don't get paid until Saturday (they're paid every other Saturday). What I'd really like is a small pizza to get me through the night, and I'll answer any other questions you may have (within reason, for privacy reasons obviously).
Thanks
[Request] No money and about to have no place to live. Help
My lease on my apartment is up tomorrow afternoon and I have nowhere to live aside from my car for the next two weeks. I have no money because my last pay check went into rent and medical bills after having to get my tooth knocked out a few months back, so I've got nothing until next week. Pizza would be great and itll be the last time i get to use my current address lol. Hopefully someone can help me out. 
[Request] We just moved to a new apt, had to toss old food in the fridge. Nearly broke until Friday.
Hi there,

I've never used this system before, but the wife and I could sure use a pizza tonight.  We have piles of boxes of our stuff to unpack, no food in the fridge, and we're both too pooped from moving to go shopping.  I just started a new job and we've spent nearly all our money on the deposit, rent in two places, and the move itself.  A pizza would be a welcome treat.

Our zipcode is 91501.  Thank you in advance.
[request] Edmonds, Wa. Single dad with two young kids trying to provide dinner for my kids.
I don't get paid until friday and were out of food. I was wondering if someone wouldn't mind helping us out with a pizza?
Thanks for reading and I hope you have a good night!
[Request] No food until Friday, poor hungry student in UK.
If anyone can help at all, I'd appreciate it more than you can imagine.

Edit: spelling error.
[Request] Poor college kid sick of ramen would love to have pizza tonight.

I am literally this poor: http://i.imgur.com/uUNES.jpg

I couldn't even afford to pay for my anti-depressant medication so one pizza would go a long way in helping me out and I get paid wednesday and will gladly pay back anyone willing to help me out. I'd really really appreciate it.
[Request] Pizza for a college student out of luck
My parents are visiting my Uncle in Vermont have no service to provide me with money to order dinner for the night. My University ID was stolen from me and since I dont have money I cant get a new one, Pizza would help me get through this weekend until I can get a new one! Please Help 
[Request] No Tear-Jerking Story, Just Broke, Cold, And Would Love A Pizza!
The title says it all - We don't really have a sob story, other than to say that we're poor and neglected to take something out of the freezer to thaw for dinner tonight.  It's cold outside, and we'd be grateful for some cheesy goodness.  Thanks!

edit: We can pay it forward Friday. Could probably even come with a contest to do so...
[request] college student, just started first job. Thought payday was Friday, not till the first. Ran out of food yesterday.
I have a couple babysitting gigs lined up next week, but I won't have a single dollar until next week. I'm trying to figure something out until then, but a pizza would last me the rest of the week. I'm in Missouri. Please, for the love of pizza, show me the good side of reddit! You all have saved me in so many ways, but this is my first time asking for a real life helping hand. Thank You!
[Request] One of those days.
Its really hot around here, I dont have a fan or AC, and ive been sweating it out.  Last night I came to some rough realizations about some personal things, and I just need a day to sit back and take a day to myself.  Itd be really awesome to get some pizza!  Thanks a bunch for your consideration.

Edit;I live in Pasadena - los angeles area
[Request] Seattle, WA First day off in over 3 months, no groceries and I don't get paid til wed!
I'm a full time student that also works full time, which means I never get time off! I'm enjoying the first day off I've had in over 3 months, but I have no food in the fridge and I don't get paid til wed! I'd be so grateful for a pizza right now &lt;3&lt;3
[Request] Broke and almost homeless in LA!
Lost my job a few weeks ago, and the pantry has run dry. I would glady repay any generosity shown here this evening. I'm being evicted from my home within a week or so. Any food would be greatly appreciated. Thank you for your time.
[Request] Columbus, Ohio Friend lost his phone and complications with payroll has caused delayed paycheck.
So, my best bud had  his phone stolen over the weekend in a break-in. Right after he lost his phone he learned that his paycheck was messed up with our university. I want to help him with a pizza but I can't afford it myself considering I am a student as well. Anyone want to help him?
[Request] Would totally appreciate a pie from Papa Johns and I have a 50% off code!
 I'm kind of struggling today so If anyone could help me out that would be the best!
[Request] spent the last two days watching every episode of Sex and the City back to back for a feminism paper, need meaty pizza to feel re-manlified
I have to write a paper on Sex and the City. so I've had to watch every episode for a detailed analysis I'm worried after watching it I might have to make some serious lifestyle changes need pizza to fe more manly.

EDIT: I'm in the UK

EDIT: essay finished for anyone who wanted to see my dull exploration of [Sex and the City , Feminism Gender and the Media] (http://jagerbacon.wordpress.com/2012/05/11/sex-and-the-city-essay/)
[Request] Reddit here's how it is: it's pizza monday and we are broke and pizzaless
me and my two roommates all work minimum wage jobs and pretty much live paycheck to paycheck, on Mondays our local Domino's (which is right next to our house) in St. John's, NL has 5$ pizzas and usually one of us have the money to get a couple of pies...we've all had a really hard week including a death in the family and flooding basements and we've all gotten the same flu so our checks have been short due to loss of hours; my roommate and I who are Reddit fanatics decided to come to you fine people with this simple request for a couple of 5$ monday medium pepperonis; and we promise to pay it forward to another redditor next week! thanks for listening
[Request] Been in a bummed mood, due to my aunt who was hit by a car and is now brain injured is visiting and it's hard to deal with it. Looking to munch on some nice pizza to get my mind off it. 

In Canada by the way. 
[Request] Madison, WI- Grad student studying for quals...
a RAOPizza would be nice diversion from heat transfer/fluid mechanics/and materials processing.
[Request] Student here who has empty refrigerator and doesn't get any money until another 2 weeks.
Just as the title says. I miss calculated my living expensive and ran out by May. Ive been living off student loan money since I've been having trouble with finding work. I had to sell just about everything of value except my phone and damaged tablet just to pay rent for the last few months. I just topped off my bag of rice and down to Oatmeal and a bag of Beans. I get this semester of loans in 2 weeks, but a Dominos pizza would make this US student very happy. Even just breadsticks would do. 


Sorry for my long sob story.
(REQUEST) I don't get payed until Friday and i am broke right now with little to no food in the Apartment. If there is anyone out there that can sympathize with
 If there is anyone out there that can sympathize with that. I am a college student. Broke as a joke. Let me know. I am in Michigan
[Request] I just got a new job and I really want to celebrate.
After almost a year of unemployment I finally got a job today! I haven't started yet so I'm still broke. My girlfriend spent the last of her money on beer last night so we could celebrate, so now I'm severely hungover and in dire need of pizza. Thanks!
[Request] Denver, CO - After 3 months of looking I finally got a job. Would love a celebratory pizza.
I finally found a decent job with benefits! I haven't had pizza in sooo long and it would just be the icing on the cake for me. 

I will gladly pay it forward when I get my first pay check :)
[Request] Help me RandomActsOfPizza! You're my only hope!
New Zealander here. 30c to my name. Haven't eaten in two days.
Will provide proof and something else (including but not limited to):

* Pictures of me enjoying said pizza.

- A hug/spoon if you are within hugging/spooning distance.

- I will draw anything you desire.

- I write radio commercials for an internship, will write one advertising your generous self.

&lt;3
[Request] I haven't ate since breakfast and I am pretty hungry
I am pretty hungry and I thought it would be nice to have a pizza with my family. I live right outside of Cle Elum, Washington.
[request] Ohio USA, Need help feeding the kids tomorrow. 
Hey Reddit! This is my first post ever on here. I've been a lurker for almost a year now but I'm not much of a talker in general. I have two girls 6 and 9. I support them on my own and make sure they have everything they need. Here's the issue. [Paypal is holding all my cash](http://i.imgur.com/HeyOJ.jpg), as per usual. I wasn't expecting it to be held this long. However I'm almost 100% positive it will be released Monday or Tuesday. If someone could help out me out, I can send you $5 now and the rest once it is released. Tonight we are fine but tomorrow we will have nothing left. My mother is coming down Sunday to lend me some groceries until the money get's transferred to my bank account. I can give you any information needed. I'm not asking for handouts, I will pay it back. 
[Request] Florida Husband just diagnosed with Lyme disease from a tick bite.
Just spent a small fortune at the doctors office and the drug store.  Could really use a pizza pie for supper and to brighten the day.  We don't get more cash until next Wed.  But will gladly return the favor then for a pie tonight.
[Request] Pizza for hump day :)
I'm located in TN.  Thanks in advance!  Looking forward to fulfilling some requests on this sub as well.
[REQUEST] Fat girl attacked my fridge!!!!!
So last night I had a study group at my house and we were all finishing up the paperwork. Things are going well and everybody was laughing and having a good time. After we finished studying, we all smoked and got lifted and watched some show on Logo (gay channel) it was funny and we all kept on laughing. Next thing we know, this female (super plus size) asked if she could grab something to eat. I said sure not thinking that she would eat ALMOST EVERY FREAKING THING IN MY FRIDGE!!!! She did and I was sooooo blown that I told her she had to go. She apologized and said that she'll pay me back later in the week. So now I'm here asking if someone can help me out with a pizza so I can eat today. I don't get paid until Wednesday so all my money is on bills and gas. Help a brother out????? 
(request) could use something good for lunch
Hello everyone I could use something good for lunch today , I am broke until Tuesday and bArely have enough food to feed us until then. I will return the favor Tuesday . ThAnk you all for reading
[Request] Just passed my last final and got straight A's this semester, would love to celebrate with some pizza!
As the titles says I took my last final of the summer semester this morning and would love a pie to celebrate and to enjoy while packing up my apartment to move tomorrow!
[Request] New Jersey USA, would love some domino's for a hungry wrestler.
Wrestling season has its ups and downs. A big down happens to be very little pizza in my life. Since im on break, it would make my day if someone could get me a pizza. Being a student straps me down on cash and i cant pay for one right now. Any response would be much appreciated.
[Request] Detroit MI, want to watch the Starcraft II GSL Finals in style. 
Got paid last week and had to ante up everything for the end of the month billing cycle. Help a redditor enjoy watching some great eSports action? The GSL Finals are tonight / tomorrow morning (05:10 EDT) and I'm going to be up all night. Would love to have chow down on some pizza for the occasion. 

Looking to pay it forward as soon as I get paid again, in another 2 weeks. 
[Request] Yet Another College Movie, I mean Student.
Hey y'all. Just showed back up to campus last night, and completely forgot that the food court closes early on Friday nights. No real money to speak of until financial aid kicks in, and I could use food that isn't a vending machine bag of chips. Shoot, once I start getting my housing allowance I'll even return the favor. 

TL;DR:  I'm an idiotic sophomore sometimes. 
[Request] Toronto, Ont, Canada. Is willing to shoot roommate with Airsoft gun and film it for pizza. 
Rent is due, he was late, and we are all broke. A pizza will be great. A reason to shoot him will be Amazing. 
[Request] Parents left me alone for the weekend with no food or money.
This is my first time posting here after long lurking and it's kinda a long shot. I get paid on Tuesday but seeing how it's the first week of the month and all my payments are made I'm basically broke. If anyone can help that would be awesome. 

Edit: I live in Miami, Florida
[request] Have had a run of bad luck in the last few days... Will return the favor next week...
So I had an ex-roommate who owed me a portion of the deposit from our last place, and I stupidly gave him my bank info so he could wire the funds to me. Note: I used to have a wells fargo account so thats how we used to transfer funds easily for rent etc... but I moved and found it easier to use a schwab account since they refund atm fees and having a brokerage account all in one was nice for when I wanted to start trading. 

He took this and then basically managed to create an e-check to citi to pay for a credit bill. Why the fuck citi decided hey lets accept a check from a random person to cover another persons bill I will never know. Schwab didn't stop it in time so it took out a good chunk of my checking account before I noticed what had happened. After spending hours on the phone over this last week with the fraud dept, I was told that they would create a new checking account for me and transfer my remaining funds, but that my debit card would remain active.

Today I'm at a gas station trying to fill up when my card doesn't go through. I call and found out there is nothing they can do it to link my old card with my new account and that they have to send me a new card, which wont be here till monday. So I had to spend my last 10 dollars in cash to get enough gas just get home. (If you don't now how schwab works can't walk into a branch and just withdraw money, you have to use your debit card at an atm, thats why they refund the fees) Now to add to all of this when I was younger I messed up my credit pretty badly, and I have been working to fix it recently but its still not good enough to get a credit card without just getting raped on fees. So basically I have no acces to any money at all until my new checks or debit card arrives. 

Also being a single guy during finals I didn't really stock up the fridge that well, so I am standing infront of my fridge/pantry to see that I only have 5 eggs, 7 slices of bacon (the one thing that may keep me sane lol), a little oatmeal and lots of moldy veggies left. Now I could stretch what I have l easily for 2ish days, but that still leaves me short tonight and tomorrow. I normally am not the kind of person to ask for a handout but if anyone could help me during this perfect shitstorm that would be make my week. The second I have access to my accounts and money again I plan on passing it along. 

TL;DR: I got fucked by my ex-roomate. To "protect" me schwab locked all my accounts while telling me I would still be able to use them. So i've got no money till monday and am just short of food to make it till then.

[Request] Starving, CT area, would really enjoy a pizza right now 
I have been low on cash for the past month, and with that i've also been hungry having to pay rent insurance electricity and all of my bills I have no room for enjoying a hot meal, so if any one with a kind heart can help me out, I can do the same as soon as i'm back on my feet 
[Request] After a week in bed with bronchitis I lost 8 pounds. (Canada)
Finally on the upswing and have regained my appetite so a pizza would be exceptional right now.
[Request] 2 Starving College Students in Atlanta studying need dinner on Friday Night
A friend and I are students at Georgia Tech and we have an important Calculus 2 midterm Tuesday that is 45% of our grade and we are afraid to leave my dorm room this weekend because we might get distracted and not have time to memorize convergence tests, taylor series for power series expansions.  We normally wouldn't come to reddit, but we used up all of our dining hall meals that we can portion for the time being.  If anyone could help, I would be beyond appreciative and would try to return the favor when my pay check comes in from my lab work next wednesday.  Willing to verify etc, thanks!
(Request) Indiana USA would love a pizza:)
Thanks for reading my post. I have been struggling with money for quit some time now. My checking account is in the negative like $500, my house payment is due tomorrow and I don't have the $ to pay it. It would be nice to enjoy a pizza with my 11yo son tonight since I can't afford to do anything else with him. Thanks!!!
[REQUEST] New Mexico, USA. Not much money until friday, would love a pizza for the family.
I don't have a sob-story, just think a pizza for me and the family would be nice until we get paid tomorrow.
[Request] Haven't had a good meal in 2 days Sioux Falls, SD
I've been a long time lurker and did not want to post from my main username. Things have really hit the fan in more ways than one. My employer told me on Monday that this would be the last week the store would be operating. Even though this short notice is appreciated (I honestly thought I would show up for work one day and see a for sale sign on the building), she shorted my last two checks and has not corrected that yet. I'm not expecting my last check to include what she still owes me. I've done my best to juggle my bills and I had a real hard decision to make - Keep the lights on or buy groceries. I ended up paying the power and buying a case of ramen. After eating this for a few days, my stomach is literally screaming for anything else. 

I'm willing to provide a copy of my bills, my last checks (and what it SHOULD have been) as well as anything else that may be needed for verification. I am humbly requesting a pizza, please. I hope that someone out there can hook me up. Thank you for reading.
[Request]Any chance of a Pizza in Grand Junction, CO?
Hey RAOP, I've been suspended from work for about two weeks now due to a damage claim and corp. policy and just stretching my savings out to it's breaking point. Anyway some kind person can send a pizza my way?
[REQUEST] North Carolina. I'm broke and I'm having kind of an off day. A pizza would make me smile.
For real. I'm out of food and more than a little hung over and all I have done today is kill a stupid red dragon in Demon's Souls.
[REQUEST] I'm just hungry and would like a pizza (UK)
No sob story just hungry and bored.
[Request] Aberystwyth, UK. Friend's loan doesn't arrive until tomorrow and she's got an essay to write.
I hope it's okay to request on behalf of others. My friend in Aberystwyth has several thousand words to write tonight, but she's got no money, ran out of rice and lentils yesterday, and doesn't get her student loan until tomorrow.

I'd buy her something myself but I'm also out of money, and I live in Cardiff so I can't bring her food.

She'd be very grateful for a pizza, and I'll pay it forward when I can.
[Request] Alaska pizza for my deserving family!
It would also provide an opportunity for our 11-year old daughter to recognize the good in the world, as of right now she can be a little selfish. Promise to Pay it forward!
[Request] UK London musician redditor in need of a hot meal
Music ain't paying too well and all I've got left are 4 slices of bread, and some butter until I get paid on thursday... a large pizza would keep me going for the next 2 days or so... I can verify however you wish.

I'll send you some songs I have recorded to say thanks if you wish :)
[request] Help me have a decent dinner tonight, and I will do the same for someone else in a week.
Not gonna post a sob story, me and my husband are just getting pretty tired of plain rice and frozen burritos. Help us have a tasty dinner and we will give the gift of pizza to someone in a week when we get paid. 
[REQUEST] Paid rent but out of cash! Would love to have a pizza tonight in Gaithersburg, MD.
Well, it's my first time on this subreddit, and I wish I was giving.

Unfortunately though I was able to pay off my rent, I don't have any money until Friday to buy groceries or anything similar.

It would really help me out if I could get some pizza to munch on while studying tonight.

Thanks if you can. Have a great upcoming Thankgiving everyone!
[Request] MA, USA - Rent is due and I'm short until Friday. Could use some cheesy goodness!
I want a 'zza somethin' awful, and this craving's reaching a critical level. We're talking about an urgency never before felt by human- or (ninja) turtlekind. Please help me in my quest for gooey cheese and tasty toppings!
[Request] Help a couple guys out that are in the hospital? 32504 Pensacola, FL
Having a rough couple days up here at sacred heart. No money to eat and the cafeteria charges $2 for a 20 Oz. soft drink. The hospital food is horrible and they only give enough for the patient. A pizza would be absolutely amazing. thank you to all who read/comment. your time is much appreciated. Proof is available.
[Request] $4 til friday, can't pay rent. Last meal request? I'll tip all I have. Virginia
Also, as a "victim of the drug war" I may serve time soon. Thanks and best to you and yours. 
[Request] Ohio Here, My Cat's Seen Better Days, Maybe You Could Help Him Out!
[Charlie Boy](http://imgur.com/ahS6V) here decided not to pay up when finished with one of the local cat prostitutes, so the neighborhood pimp cat had to get involved. He put up a fight but was left with some gnarly battle scars. Maybe with the money I save I could afford to get him a kitty eye patch. To be honest though I've been out of work for a good three months and would love something other than ramen noodles tonight. (Broke college student). Much appreciated!
[REQUEST] Bored, bad internet due to storm. Would love a pizza :D
Heyall, basically title says it all. I'm bored, at home, in my basement with very bad internet for the moment. A pizza would really amuse me :P

General location : Massachussets (specifically Eastern MA)
[Request]Recently fired, barely have a place to live, no family here. WA State
I know y'all don't wanna sob story, but I am pending unemployment benefits and could really use some grub. Any luck?
[Request] for someone else in Boston: if this guy doesn't deserve it, no one does.
http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/ihc7v/found_a_dudes_iphone_4_in_boston_last_night/
[REQUEST] Pizza for the Fire Department
Hey ROAP, I was wondering if anyone would be interested in giving some pizza and maybe wings to a Fire Department. Their are currently 8 people on duty, so it may be a 'larger' order. They have all saved countless lives.
[REQUEST] Florida USA Broken leg on my eighteenth birthday, would love some Pizza.
My Birthday is on November 4th and I am putting this request in early because I am bored and hopefully some kind soul will see it in the next month or so. I broke my leg last Monday and I am willing to provide all the proof necessary. Free Pizza would really float my gondola.  
[Request] Wooking for peeza in all da wong paces...
... So I figured I'd give reddit a shot. I'm currently broke and unemployed, crashing on my buddy's couch. I've got 7 cents in my bank account and 10 cents on my EBT, which won't reload till 8/7. Technically I'm between jobs, waiting on an unpaid PA gig, but they're covering meals, travel, room &amp; board so it's not all bad. Anyway. Pizza, or no pizza, thanks for letting me vent :)
[Request] Just paid back my roommate for paying my rent last month, I haven't eaten in 2 days..
Hi RAOP.
I'm starving, I could seriously need some pizza :/
I live in Denmark though.
[Request] Hungry for pizza
My sister and I have been living off Publix cookies and a pizza would be freaking amazing right now.
[REQUEST] For my friend.
My sister's boyfriend bought me a $400 computer last week, and he took it home to put it together, install os, drivers, etc..

Well little did he know, ALL OF HIS ROOM MATES (except my sister, of course) WOULD JUST DIP OUT.

Now they're stuck splitting $1200 in rent, not including utilities, and they don't have any money for food. They literally have zero food in their home.

They would have plenty of money if he hadn't loaned me money for the computer..

I get paid in a few days, and I'm going to pay him back ASAP.

Reddit, I beg you. Help a brotha out.
[Request] Aspiring rapper, completely baked on a Friday night. Getting ready to go into the studio to make a demo, hungry as hell!
Alright, this isn't me, but my friend. He's a pre-law student trying to get into rapping. He's written about a dozen songs now about political issues/social issues/weed etc. and is about to go into a recording studio tomorrow to get his first demo recorded. He's completely baked right now and is aching for a pizza. Any redditor wanna wish him good luck tomorrow with a pizza and a drink?
(Request) family of 5 here and all we have to eat is ramen. Girlfriend just had a miscarriage and I think pizza would cheer her up a bit
I just got a job yesterday but I wont have money for the next 2 weeks for food. Thank you so much in advance for anyone who helps.

Also since I should clarify, the family of five is her and her mom, step dad, step sister, and me. I live here out of necessity since living conditions at my grandmother's house became unlivable for me. 
[REQUEST] Spent my last money on dog food in Savannah, GA
I was referred here by a redditor I am good friends with on IRC. I am currently starting my own business, so I've been living paycheck to paycheck due to new expenses. I don't have any checks coming in until next week. I spent the last of my money to buy a bag of food for my dog so he doesn't go hungry. Any help would make the next couple days much less miserable.
[Request] Pretty broke tonight as payday's not till 10th of October; will sing for pizza!
Hey y'all,

I'm a college kid in Conway, Arkansas who's pretty broke at the moment. I'm cool with ramen, but I'd be even cooler with some pizza, since my school cafeteria, for whatever stupid reason, doesn't serve dinner on Saturdays. Hmph.

Anyway, as stated in the title, I will definitely sing you a song in exchange for such a wonderful act of feeding me! And I promise to share the pizza with my roommate, because I'm a nice lady. ;D
[Request] Hungover, depressed we lost the league, no food in the house (New Zealand)
Hi guys, never done this before so I don't know if it will work or not but worth a shot is it not? Basically the situation is as follows.. I am in Wellington, New Zealand. I am hungover because last night I was out in town drinking and watching the warriors lose to manly in the NRL grand final :( used up most of my spare money taxing home and now I am looking at a fairly empty fridge/pantry.. My car is 30 mins walk away and it is PISSING down with rain which I don't really wanna brave to go to the super market.

Pretty much wondering if a kickass random stranger would hook me up with a pizza to cure my hangover and cheer me up after yesterdays loss. Will be sure to pay it on in the future to another needy individual.

Thankyou THR - you are the greatest!
[Request] Whiny Redhead Nerd-Girl Stuck Inside for NYE / Minneapolis, MN
Heyo-

It pains me to write this, on a non-throwaway, no less. I'm really struggling with money right now. I spent Christmas alone (I just moved here and all of my family/friends are 1400 miles away) and am now spending New Year's Eve alone because I can't afford to go out (and... I know no one). 

Here's some proof that I am... uh... I guess, a person named Hamburglary? http://imgur.com/efW2d

If you would send a pizza my way for supper I would be FOREVER IN YOUR DEBT. We have a Pizza Butt local to here and that would be juuuust fine (and you can order online etc so that I never need to know your cc info, etc, so on, so forth). 

Thanks for reading/thinking about it, and have a great New Year's Eve!
[request] Maine student, one cup of ramen left, don't get paid until next wednesday
I have one cup of ramen left, and I don't get paid until next wednesday. Could really use some pizza to last. Will pay it forward in the future :)
[REQUEST - MI] Found out my Dad has terminal lung cancer. Can anyone help cheer me up with some pizza?
Using a throwaway account because my siblings haven't been told yet and I don't want them finding out on the internet, since they all use reddit. My Dad has been a hero for as long as I can remember - he helped take care of me the best he could after my Mom and her side of the family disowned me for being gay. My aunt called me today with the news and broke down crying. It makes me feel even worse knowing she has to call my other three siblings and repeat the process.

I'm just really numb, broke and hungry right now, and nothing would help me feel a little bit better right at this moment than a pizza, a pair of sweatpants, and a tv marathon.

I'll pay it forward as soon as I can to another hungry redditor. 
[Request] Haven't eaten in 36 hours, got six bucks in my bank account, could use a meal.

Please help. You're my only hope.

I live in Asheville, North Carolina. No work, no food. Got a job interview tomorrow, will pay it forward once a paycheck comes in,
[REQUEST] Need a pizza buy I only have paypal (will send $10+order amount) [Jacksonville Florida]
I dont have any cash on my credit card, just on my paypal, if anyone on here is willing to order a pizza for me I'll send you however much my order  costs plus $10 through paypal, thanks.
{Request} 19yr F, Austin Texas...Got my purse stolen....
I work 6 sometimes 7 days a week as a waitress to pay my bills, and live on my own. Was going to go shopping for food today (Which is why I even had all my money/tips on me to begin with....) when some older scruffy guy shoved me to the ground, and stole my purse :( I can get some tips working the day after 2morrow (imagine that, tomorrow is my first day off in 10days *sigh*), and buy food, but I'm really kinda hungry tonight.
[REQUEST] Ran out of food, Dining halls don't open until tomorrow. (MO)
My University lied and said dining halls would be open all break. As soon as break started they changed the schedules so now they are closed until tomorrow. My roommate and I have run out of food for the weekend and could really use some pizza :C I don't get paid till the 30th and will gladly return that favor :D
[REQUEST] A Pizza in the Toronto Area. [Canada]
Made a throw away because I don't want my friends or family to know I'm short on cash atm. I hate asking for things, especially to my friends and family so I made this throw away to ask reddit instead. I am willing to provide my main account which is over a year old, requested once before but I also gave a pie in return as well.

Atm bit broke while waiting for work since school just finished and was hoping for a pizza. I of course plan to either return the favor to the person who sends it or will be posting up another offer in the next few days when my payment is confirmed from paypal and I have cash again while searching for work.

[REQUEST] Only one 4.75-hour workday this week; funds are extremely tight. Could anyone please help me?
I can forward the e-mailed work schedule as proof, and will send you proof of paying it forward when things improve for me financially.  Many thanks in advance for your help!
[request]San Diego family would like pizza tonight 
Family is almost homeless but broke.  I am asking for some help please for food tonight 
[Request] Haven't eaten in a few days could really go for some pizza
I am currently going to college and had to spend the remainder of my money on a class recently.  I promise to pay it forward as soon as possible 
[request] broke and stressed would love a delicious pizza
anyone out there feeling generous to help me out with a amazing pie? starving over here. thanks for looking =D
[Request] UK, would love a pizza at some point!
Out of money until the first of the month.  Used my last £10 to buy loads of noodles for me and my girlfriend!  I've not been this skint since I was 19 years old, and it's really trying.

I live in Sheffield, any offers would be massively appreciated!  Thanks to all you RAOPers :D
[request] college girl who lost her job tonight due to school, in fl and really hungry, please help?
i just lost my job tonight due to not having a completely open flexibility because im taking 18 credit hours this summer. only reason im even doing that is to meet my goal of getting my AA in less than a year after graduating highschool. im really hungry and have no money. studying for exams, and depressed. please send me a pizza to make me happy and when i get some money i'll paint you something and send it back as a thanks. &lt;3


[Request] Lethbridge, Alberta. All I have to offer is the worst possible drawing of a bunny.
[It's not even bunny shaped.](http://i.imgur.com/7x4O7.jpg)
[Request] Im running out of food.
Hello fellow Redditors! I am a cheerleader at my university and I moved on campus a week early for practices. I brought very little food and the cafeteria is not open yet. I would really appreciate it if a Redditor would be so kind as to treat me to a pizza. 
[REqueST] Just found out I'm pregnant ! And a friend told me about this site. 
I've been trying to get pregnant for a while. :) I finally am. My husband is on a business trip out of town, and I am craving a pizza! (: !! I have a papa johns close by ! Anyone that can help, I will send them a $5dollar subway gift card. It's not much, but right now It's all I can do. Along with the gift card I can edit photos. Papa Johns Carryout closes at 10 here, and they won't deliver to my address! Any help would be appreciated, I can also give the gift card number so you know there IS $5 dollars on card. 
[REQUEST] Broke college student that donated blood 
an hour ago - Houston, TX
I'm feeling pretty weak and hungry right now from donating blood at my school drive. A pizza would be AWWWWWESOME.
[Request] Have always wanted to ask for pizza... Never had a legitimate reason 'till now.
Money is being wired to me as we speak, but it looks like it won't be here until tomorrow. My fridge will be empty for at least another day... Will write a true sob story, short story, persuasive essay, one-on-one written RP, play any of the co-op games on my Steam, draw anything to the best of my abilities, or do pretty much anything reasonable in return for a pizza.

Request will expire tomorrow at 10am Eastern because I will no longer require help and I refuse to accept pizza when I am capable of purchasing it myself.

I'm into equivalent exchange and karma, and I will put pizza in a less fortunate redditor's mouth if helped.
[Request] I start my first post-degree job as a teacher tmrw! Would like to congratulate myself but lack the money. Massachusetts.
As the title says. I start my first teaching job tomorrow! But until my first paycheck I don't have spending room for awesome things like pizza. I will gladly pass the favor along come first paycheck!


[REQUEST] Dubai - Help me get a pizza to my brother!
I live in the UK, and my brother has recently moved to Dubai. I recently made a facebook post saying I was getting pizza, and asking who else wanted some. My brother said he was in, and I intend to fulfil his request. I did try to get him the pizza myself, but I couldn't find any pizza places in Dubai that did online ordering, and I couldn't call them because I don't speak Arabic. Help me, Random Acts of Pizza, you're my only hope!
[REQUEST] Ontario Canada- Our house is being foreclosed officially next weekend, some pizza would be awesome.
My mother and father's business of 20 years tanked last year and they've been struggling ever since. I live with my mother, and my two younger sisters in house that we can no longer afford to keep. We're moving into my grandparents house next weekend. Apart from my mother's disability checks, I am my immediate family's only source of income. I work part-time and make about 100 bucks a week.   
  
If someone would be kind enough to hook us up with a pizza it would be much appreciated! :)
[Request]Cardiff Assignments due tomorrow, we'd like pizza to fuel us! 
My flatmate and I are both doing secondary degrees and have assignments due tomorrow. We're also a bit short of cash. In fact she has several things due, thanks to outside circumstances, and is rather suffering so she could definitely do with a little cheering up. Me? I just like pizza and could really do with the extra motivation. Thanks for reading :) 
[Request] Memphis, TN I neeeeeed pizzaaaaaaaaa. 
Hungry...no money...i'll pay it forward.
[REQUEST] Hungry for pizza and I don't have enough for one
Please I'll &lt;3 you forever.
[Request] Master's of Science student hungry and broke until Friday
I have less than 2 dollars in each of my accounts right now.  The government of Kentucky takes out more money from me during the summer from my small stipend because I am not taking classes.  I still have to do my research/work.  I do not want to ask my parents for money as I'm 25 and I hate doing that.  I just saved some money on my car insurance but that doesn't come into effect until next month.  I'm barely getting by and have had about a coffee and a granola bar today.  Please someone save me!
[REQUEST] pizza craving In Michigan
We are a family of 5 myself , husband and 3 kids.  Craving pizza and inbetween paydays. Can anyone help us out ? Pizza Hut is local but little ceasers, dominoes is pretty close as well but would have to pick up. 
[Request] (UK) Hurting, broke, can't go to the doctor until tomorrow. Would love some pizza.
I hurt my hip and can't walk or stand long enough to go to the store/cook. Can't afford to order pizza(only delivery option in my area is Dominoes), and my GP can't fit me in until tomorrow. I feel like an old lady, can't handle the three flights up to our flat, so I'm stuck inside. Need something to pick me up!
[Request] [NY] Nerd and sister could use a bite
Mom decided to ditch us to get her nails done and hit up a bar, she left us pancakes for breakfast and nothing for lunch and dinner God knows when she'll be back. Tried texting our dad but he responded with "Busy at work". Our fridge has some stuff in it but nothing really edible by itself sadly. No other options left except ask the RAOP community! Help us RAOP you're our only hope!
( It's my first time on Random Acts of Pizza please be gentle =D )
[Request] Jobless college kid wants some pizza
I'm in my freshman year of college. I moved out to an apartment complex. I'm currently looking for a job. I ride a bike back and forth to school. I just really want some pizza and can't afford one right now! I live in the Gainesville area of Georgia.
[REQUEST] WV, USA Finals week approaching, pizza needed to survive
Just a college student looking for a little cheesy goodness to survive the hell that is Finals Week. 
(request) Tucson az, celebratory pizza. 
I just had the best night I've ever had in years. I've finally come out of my shell, opened up, and won over the most beautiful girl I've had the opportunity to have my arm around. I cannot express exactly how I'm feeling. I haven't stopped smiling, and my hearts still racing. I'm taking the chance to be close with someone again. And I figured I'd take the chance on a free pizza to enjoy while I feverishly tell my best friend what happened over Xbox live states away. 

Oh, and if your a halo 4 fan. 
RD DanDan
 [request] Winnipeg,MB, Canada - Would love a pizza! no food in the pantry or fridge! willing to send pics! 
hey Ive been working for my neighbour but its only enough to pay rent, havent had real food in my house in a long time... I usually goto my sisters to eat but that horse has ridden away, would really love it if someone could help me out, if not its all good maybe someone else deserves it more! 
[request] homeless family starving in kentucky
My wife and I havent eaten anything but stale ritz crackers in four days we have managed to rummage up enough to buy our two kids one lunchable but to feed my kids tonight I might be forced to steal. We have lived in our car for a month since we were evicted from our apartment after both losing our jobs within a month of each other. please find it in your heart to help me and my family out. A young lady at the church told me about this website and I have nothing to lose... please help us.
[REQUEST] Brooklyn, NYC  -  I'm lactose intolerant and I hate myself.
My neighbors upstairs have been playing the same god damn Wiz Khalifa song for the past hour, and show no signs of stopping. I've already tried all the usual stuff like asking my neighbors downstairs if I can sleep in their bed for the night, but they didn't seem so interested once they found out I suffer from debilitating night terrors and vomit inducing bouts of gas. 

If I knew how to [make my own pizza](http://cl.jroo.me/z3/R/1/u/d/a.aaa-pizza-man.jpg) I would gladly do that, but my head hurts and if I were to try and make it rain right now, it would be more like a Siberian hail storm of nickels and those Canadian pennies I can't get rid of.

Maybe if I'm lucky, I'll get a [vigilante delivery guy](http://gargles.net/wp-content/uploads/2006/06/DeliveryGuy2.jpg) to come save me.

[Here's hoping](http://fatcatart.ru/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/Shepard-Fairey_Hope_cat_HOPE_EN1.jpg)
[REQUEST] New to this site but in desperate need of help. Trying to feed 4 kids
A friend at work just told me about this site because she knows the situation I am in. I am a hard working mother of 4 who struggles from paycheck to paycheck. I get paid every two weeks and this week is a non pay week. I am flat broke and need help feeding my children.... my husband and i both will do without as long as my children can eat. I never miss a day at work but it never seems to be enough. My husband has been laid off and I am doing the best i can as a mother and wife to make it work. Any assistance at all will be more than appreciated.
[Request] Dartmouth, MA
My team and I are working on a Thermal Systems Design project in the library. It's our senior year in Mechanical Engineering and the workload is really starting to pile on. We've been in here all day and haven't had a bite to eat yet. Some team pizzas would really boost team morale right about now so we can power through this project and get it done today! :D
[REQUEST] hungry little lady in Ireland!
Hey guys! I am located in Dublin, Ireland and am so hungry! I haven't eaten anything for about 10 days because I am on exchange for school and have run out of money! Can't eat again until Dec. 16th when my mom gets paid and can send me some money! Would absolutely pay it forward once I have the funds to do so :) 
Request. Pizza for my family please we could use some holiday cheer.  Wi
My family has it rough this time of the year, this mommy always gets sad cuz my parents passed away. Well to top it off Friday I was laid off not knowing if ill get called back and 2 weeks ago my van died. I wanna put a little holiday cheer into my family even though I'm down n out. My Lil one has an ear infection n upper respitory infection n I'm just drained. Pizza would.cheer.us up n help this mommy too. I do have Er papers and a title to a beater car that drained our funds for proof. And if my job calls me to come back ill buy pizza for sum one in need maybe even a few with my first pay check. We r in wi and have pizza hutt and little ceasers near us. 
[REQUEST] Oreana, IL, USA
No food til Saturday and could use a yummy pizza. Anyone willing to help??
[Request] Only have $6.47 in the bank account, got laid off a couple months ago. Haven't eaten in a couple of days, a pizza would amazing right now.
Long story short, got laid off, having to move back in with my parents this weekend (shitty situation, but at least they have food in the house). Only been eating ~4-5 meals a week lately, but having finished my last pack of saltine crackers, I'm clean out of food in my apartment. My paltry funds in my bank account have to go towards gas. A good large pizza could last me until I'm back at my parent's place with some food in 4 days. Figured I'd try this as a last resort. Thanks for reading.
{Request} Bringing in the new year without a good meal
I was invited to Reddit after playing checkers on Yahoo. I told the person that I was playing that I was craving a pizza, but didn't have any money to buy one. They suggested that I try my luck here. I've been eating rice and beans for about a week and while I shouldn't complain, it is getting old. A nice Hawaiian pizza would be more than enough for the wife and I. Something different to lift our spirits. Happy New Years from North Carolina!
[REQUEST] Ocala, FL- Pizza for a newly single mommy and my son
Looking for a pizza for dinner/lunch today and tomorrow for myself and my 1.5 year old son.  He loves Stuffed crust cheese and wedge fries from  pizza hut!  Can verify anything!  Thanks!
[REQUEST] I am really want some Pizza but I do not get paid till next week. I would gladly do a "today me tomorrow you" 
I have my reddit account for a while, I have participated in RedditGifts and even bought a redditor pizza once  just short on cash and really have a craving for pizza.  I would gladly buy you pizza when i get paid. 

{Request} Mommy of three looking for a little help while my husband is looking for work.
I just want to start off by saying how wonderful this community is. I've been looking at some of these posts on here, and how helpful and giving those within the community have been, and it really warms my heart to know there are people like that out there in the world.

I'm wondering if there a chance someone would be willing to help me out as well. I'm a stay at home mom, raising my three little ones, Jason (6) and Michelle and Christina (both 3 1/2), while my husband works. Sadly, he lost his job about a year ago, and with this economy, he has only been able to pick up jobs here and there, and we're getting towards the end of our savings.

I would love to be able to sit down with a nice pizza dinner one night, and just be able to relax and enjoy the company of one another, that is, before the little ones start crying again. Pizza used to be a luxury purchase for us before, now it is almost impossible.

Anyone with a soft spot in their heart able to help out?

Thanks

[REQUEST]Would love a pizza to brighten up my parents' day
I'm 33 years old and I've been unemployed for 18 months. Most of the new jobs in my hometown of Tullahoma, TN, are far beyond my reach of experience (i.e., medical jobs like registered nurses, etc.). I live with my parents and obviously times have been tough on all of us. My dad works a job he hates but has to stick with it so we can have money to live on;my mom is disabled and can't work. Most of the time we have to rely on local churches to help pay our bills and put gas in our car. While a pizza would definitely raise my spirits it would do the same for my parents. I hate seeing them suffer like this as I get turned down for new jobs. Needless to say times are becoming tougher for my family because the money is running out quickly. So please help me put a smile on my parents' faces for at least one day. That way they know someone out there is watching out for us. :)
[Request] No money, and could really go for a pizza..
My wife and I are broke right now due to bills and having a 6 month old (kids are expensive), she's air force and deploys to South Korea for a year next month, and it took all our extra money preparing everything and we've been scraping meals together, pretty much only have ramen and canned fruit right now. A pizza, even a cheap simple one, would really be awesome right now, and I promise next pay day I'll pizza someone in return to forward the favor. If no one replies I completely get it! I can provide some kind of proof if requested. Thanks everyone!
(Request) Home alone, starving, date coming soon and no food! Need help

[REQUEST] Leeds, UK. Student with absolutely no accessible funds, would kill for a pizza.
Haven't done this before, won't pull at your heartstrings. What I will say is that i haven't eaten anything since Friday, I have no food in and no money to buy any. If anyone feels like helping a brother out, it would be much appreciated. Will happily return the favour when student loans come in in a couple of weeks.
[Request] Alone for Spring Break :(
Trying to save a couple of bucks by not going anywhere cool for spring break, and missing home (which is in California, and I'm in Pittsburgh). Pizza would be pretty cool, just thought I'd ask!
[Request] Visitting a friend but no money to invite him for dinner, would you buy us pizza?
Yesterday I took an overnight bus ride to visit a friend before classes started, but since I'm so smart I decided to come over right after paying all my bills, thus leaving me in this spot.

Would any kind guys help me invite my friend to dinner?

Thanks!
[Request] help feed my siblings please.
I've been babysitting my youger siblings a lot recently and let's just say they're tired of Top Ramen. I feel bad for them and mom can't go grocery store just yet. I'm an avid watcher of this subreddit and send thanks to those who are generous to others. I get paid next week and would love to help out someone else who is need of food. I'd be much appriciative and will most definently return the favor. Thank you people of Reddit!
[request] Pizza for some hungry teenagers?
Hey, we just got home, we are tired, hungry and my Mom is out working late. There is nothing in the fridge, I get paid tomorrow and I swear I will pay it forward. Thanks so much!
[Request] Reading, PA Family of 3 just moved into a new place and could really use a pizza.
We just moved to a completely unfamiliar area, car broke down during the move, it's just been one thing after another so I'm not even going to go into it all. We could really use a pizza if anyone would be so obliging.
[REQUEST] Ithaca, NY - Midterms Coming Up, Would Appreciate Study Pizza!
Hey, doods! I'm currently a rising sophomore studying for midterms coming up, hopefully some pizza could relieve some stress..., and some hunger. I would appreciate the help and return the offer someday when I get my paycheck.

Thank you!
[Request] Hawai'i, USA college students seek evening sustenance and a break from over-salted, under cooked cafeteria food
Wanted: One hot, greasy, cheesy, delicious pie to abate the munchies and nurture our young, brilliant minds while we explore the frontiers of modern medicine in our quest to conquer the "Anatomy II Midterm Examination". Will offer deepest gratitude and mad props in return. Mahalo. 
[REQUEST] Charlotte, NC, USA. I could really use a pizza right now.
I'm super hungry and have no monies at all. A pizza would be greatly appreciated. 
[Request] Michigan USA. Thanksgiving leftovers are all gone...a pizza would be great right now.
Just finished my thanksgiving leftovers for dinner tonight...but now its about time for that 4th meal. Pizza would be the best thing ever right now! :D
[request] Los Angeles College Student
I'm pretty much flat broke right now, would love if someone could give me pizza I get paid this Friday so I promise to pay back the favor!
[request] tx, usa could use dinner tonight
I lost my job few weeks ago, waiting on my UI check. Kids are home from school and food is getting low. There are 5 of us and it would make our day. 
Thanks in advance.
(REQUEST) Need pizza please for 2 hungry kids
Hi everyone I am in kentucky and I am in need of some pizza and sides for my 2 kids .I am broke and dont get my ssi check on my bank card until late tonight and we need something to eat today can anyone help us out thanks
[REQUEST] I require nourishment to sustain my myself while attempting to read a truly gargantuan book straight though. Wisconsin
I'm indulging myself by spending the weekend doing nothing but reading The Way of Kings by Brandon Sanderson. A 1007 page fantasy epic. I'm about 250 pages in already and just realized that I'm hungry. Now I'm afraid I'm too sucked into the story to take a half hour away from the book to make something to eat and I lack the orbs* to order food brought to me. So I throw myself at the internet's mercy. Be kind and send pizza before I die of an engaging plot.

*chips of gemstones suspended in glass balls used as currency in the book.
[Request] Out of money, out of home, very hungry. So. Indiana
I had to move out of my home last week, I'm staying at my office until I can get back on my feet. (Throwaway because my boss is a Redditor and he doesn't know I'm staying here.)

My bank account has ran dry due to catching up on bills. I don't get paid until Saturday. I will pay it forward once I get paid, and I will even use my main account to do it!

Anything will help.
(REQUEST)Hungry and Broke Mother And Children
Me and my two teenage boys are hungry. I am out of work, we have no money and we are behind on our rent. I went to a church today and they couldn't help us and we havent eaten since yesterday.I am now at the library typing this. Please help if you can my email is mayonaise12@inbox.com.
[request] Very hungry, please help (details inside)
I hate having to ask for help like this, but this is really my last option.  I recently had to take my dog to the vet to have a growth on her leg checked.  The exam was $50, the biopsy was $50.  Then the battery in my car went out.  Jumping it worked for awhile, but then a few days ago it stopped holding any charge.  New battery was another $100.

For the past 3 days, my husband and I have been subsisting on pasta.  Yesterday we ran out of pasta sauce, so I can still eat it, but it's so bland and I'm getting tired of it.  Plus, I still breastfeed my son, otherwise I would deal with the blandness, but when my diet tanks, my supply tanks.

(We are in Indianapolis)

Thanks for reading, let me know if I need to give any more information.

*
[REQUEST] West Virginia
I just recently relocated here from Texas to work on Master's degree at Fairmont State University and since I have to live in the dormitories here for the summer I was forced to also buy the meal plan for the summer.  It is sadly closed Friday-Sunday, and this week will be closed for Memorial day.  My brother (Fapocalypse_Now) suggested I check this out.  Thanks.
[Request] Albany, NY Couple - Our car exploded and part of her nipple got bit off
The other night the alternator belt slipped off the engine and a coolant pipe burst. The power steering gave out and I had a bit of a workout getting the boat home with a steam cloud drifting behind and the emergency blinkers on. Boom! Scary, but everyone's safe. It does mean that my next pay check is tied up.

Today our 9 month old was sleepy nursing and ended up taking a chunk out of /u/mrsslowloris nipple and now she's feeling a little nursing shy and she'd like a pizza tonight. I do have a picture of the bloody nipple with a chunk missing if you need proof. Thanks!
[request] pizza for down and out single 25 y/o
recently lost my job blah blah same old give me pizza attitude. but really, it'd be nice and help a lot!!!
(request) I've been a little nervous....
to post on this again, as the first time I asked I told my story of little money no food for a few weeks someone screamed at me and told me to manage my money a little better, I was startled and scared hell I was even ashamed so I took it down...I'm new to reddit, I can only use it while borrowing a friends comp....so I don't have much of a history, but I don't really know where else to go, I'm not so bad off as in I have enough ramen to last me and my fiance a pack a day for a week, but we've been eating it for a while and would love a hot pizza, if you can help it would be appreciated, if not thanks for looking. thank you. 
[Request] Washington USA Working on a project all night :( Help!
I'm working on a project with friends all night and all he has in his fridge is orange juice? What the hell I know right. Bring us pizza and make us happy and full! Kosher please (no meats) any veggies are fine. 
[request] Two girls playing Zelda and saving for new semester on Monday would love some pizza!
Hey there Reddit, I've been working on a art request thread over [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Favors/comments/nxily/offer_art_student_in_dire_need_of_practice_ill/)  But my roommate and I would love some pizza, but can't spend money on it since we're saving for our next semester that starts Monday.  One of my roommates books is $200 D:  and I just need to get tons of supplies.  

To whoever buys us a pizza from pizza hut, we'll draw you what ever you want!  Or we'll draw you tons of cats, what ever you want!  (We're also saving for a cat)

We're in Grand Rapids, Mi if that helps anyone.  

We shall wait here playing Links awakening, and don't worry if you don't buy us any - go buy pizza for someone that really hungry.  We're just bored and would appreciate a pizza.  
[Request] It's my girlfriends 19th birthday. We just got in a huge car accident when moving across the country. We spent all our money getting home. Please help me make this a good birthday for her :(
I have my bank account information here. I usually don't ask for this, but any help would be appreciated. Thank you so much.

 http://i.imgur.com/yMtb3.png
[Request] And also a bit of a challenge. Working for an NGO in Brasil. We're all volunteers that live off food donations. Also, we're hiring!
I can't say that any of us go hungry, or are living in squalid conditions, but god damnit we get sick of rice and beans. 

We're located in Xerém, Duque de Caxias, RJ in Brazil. Our NGO works with orphans from poor communities, and also provides education and outreach services in many of those same communities. 

I don't even know if ordering a pizza internationally would be even remotely possible where we are, which is why it is a bit of a challenge.

ALSO! WE'RE HIRING!! The pay is shit, but this place is amazing. We have plenty of food to eat, and a roof over our heads. The team is fantastic, but completely overwhelmed with work. If you speak Spanish or Portuguese, and have an interest in this kind of work, we could have you down here in as soon as a month.
[Request] 6 Dollars in the bank has to last me till next Friday. No food in the house. Would love a pizza. 
I'd love you guys forever and of course return the favor. 
[Request] Lompoc California Kind of in the mood for pizza but I can't afford it right now.
I would love some pizza for my little sister and me :)
[request] Just moved into a new RV with my girlfriend. We are completely broke until Next Thursday.
Like I said I just got a new camper and payday for both of us isn't until next week. anything would help!!

thanks
[Request] Something to eat that tastes like something would be nice.
I've been eating nothing but ramen and *extremely* cheap frozen dinners for the past three weeks (jobless, looking.) and it'd just be nice to eat something that rises above the blandness of my current diet. I'm in Tucson, AZ and there's both a dominos and a pizza hut by my house.

Request: Pizza in Massachusetts please!
Hi, just craving pizza so much, for myself and two children, we live near Papa Ginos! Will pay it forward asap!
[REQUEST][US] Really hungry, no income, living off bologna sandwiches for past 2 months.
I am grateful for what I do have but eating bologna for 2 months gets to a person. I have copd and have trouble getting around. If anyone is kind enough to help out I would appreciate it. I am a widow and live alone with my pup.
[REQUEST] Poor College Kid
Honestly, I didn't want to come down to this and request a pizza, but I haven't ate anything all day but rice. Finals are coming up for my summer session and I would appreciate a pizza to cheer me up. If you can't I completely understand I plan to give back once I get a paycheck. I'm located in New Jersey. Thanks for everything.
[Request] [Denmark]Reading up for my last exam tomorrow. Hungry as hell. also, tomorrow is my birthday.
Pizza would hit the spot and be an amazing early birthday present to help me from succumbing to sleep instead of studying up!
[Request] Pre-diet cheat and change of pace
Hey guys, long story short, myself, husband and son ran out of food stamps last week and all we've had in the house is rice, bread, peanut butter, a bit of ground beef, cheese, and some condiments. We will receive more stamps in the morning (5/17). Us adults are definitely feeling the appetite fatigue.

Myself, I'm starting a diet/fitness program tomorrow, so tonight is my last night to cheat, and I have a craving for Papa Johns spinach chicken Alfredo pizza

Anyone want to treat us to a pie or two?
[Request] Unexpected $900 bill for car repair, no money/food until next Friday, thought I would give this a shot.
I've heard amazing things about this sub, so I figured I'd give it a shot.      &lt;p&gt; 

Radiator cracked on me, and so my checking account got completely emptied...This is only weeks after a $2000 repair job on the rest of the engine, and is extremely frustrating. Would love to be able to eat something that isn't ramen or rice.  

  
I'm not sure what sort of info i need to provide, but I guess the closest pizza place is Papa Johns and I'm in South Carolina.    
  

Thanks to anyone to wants to help me out!
(REQUEST) Haven't been sick in over two years, feeling awful and hungry.
Left work because I got sick (threw up, fever, exhausted) anyways I am really craving some Pizza Hut and have no money and could repay or pass forward in two weeks. Enjoy this whale http://i.imgur.com/yzpIN.jpg
[Request] Will trade professional graphic design for a tasty slice of love :)
My car is non-op atm, and I'm completely starving. I would order in but, my credit card is dead empty. I have small fortune sitting in Paypal, but it is currently un-usable to me to get food and sustenance.

[I am a freelance graphic designer with over 6 years of experience](http://ethereal-design.net/), so, if you need anything done in trade, hit me up, I really need some dinner, and possibly a soda. Alternatively, if you would just prefer I pay you in paypal, that is quite alright as well :) Help feed a starving artist!

[request] NC USA Broke for the rest of the month and all I've eaten for the last week is lentils and rice. I could really use some cheesy goodness. 
I'm a broke student. Seeing all the pizza commercials on TV is driving me crazy. Can someone help me out? Any pizza will be promptly paid forward.
[REQUEST] hey RAOP, I thought it'd be cool to get some random pizza. DFW, TX
Just checking this out, I've been consumed by Reddit recently and am now branching out into the subreddits (does this count as one? lol Im new to all of this). 

Not really a sob story but hey Ill tell you whats up in my life right now. I live with my gf of 4 years in a modest apartment in some suburb in between Dallas and Fort Worth. In May I was laid off by Best Buy when they closed the facility I was working in and moved it to Kentucky. I have been on unemployment since and have been finding it a might difficult to find a job that will allow me to pay my current bills better than unemployment can. I've gone to college on and off since graduating high school in 03 (if you had asked me then if id be be a college-dropout on unemployment 8 years later...I would've called you nuts) I suppose this is how life goes. 

I'm not sure if this is too long of a post for this and I apologize if it is!

if I don't end up getting pizza, that's all good.. I understand that there may be someone in a more grave situation and by all means I would love for them to get it before I. 

[REQUEST] Would like pizza for my boss on the final day of my internship!
I've been working at an awesome internship in Hollywood this summer, and I think it would be great if I could get a large cheese pizza for my boss as thanks. The other intern and I already have a card and simple gift for him. Would anyone be kind enough to help out and make our last day (8/12) really awesome?

*Edit:* We'll take pics of us eating the pizza!
[Request] I requested yesterday but for some reason can't find my post :( I know people saw it cause there were comments.. 
Short version. We are a family of 5. 2 adults. 3 kids. Ages 11-9-3
My husband lost his job and we are worn out and stressed. We have food, we are not poor. We would just like some Pizza to help cheer up the family and give mommy and daddy a break from cooking ! Mainly our toddler who LOVES PIZZA. ! we promise to pay it forward when we get the cash! We have a papa johns close by, that has to be carryout, the refuse to deliver to APT COMPLEX. Promise to upload a pic or 2 enjoying the pizza. 
if we could we'd appreciate two lg peps, but whatever we can get. We'll be grateful

THANKS FROM
Midwest City, Ok
[request] California, USA- hungry student studying for finals and writing a 15 page paper...thanks!
I'd love a bite of food right now, outta money since I paid for Spring fees. Thank you! 2 polisci finals, one history one, one bio one...and a polisci paper.
(Request) Tulsa, OK Mamacat waiting on taxes...
Like the title says, waiting on my taxes which will be here this next week. I would be more than happy to give away some GC then. If someone could help my boys and I out with some pizza, it would make the waiting a little better. Thanks!
[REQUEST] Summit County, Co. Hungry snowboarder would appreciate hot pizza.
I snowboarded all day, and made dinner at like 5 cuz i was starving. No more pasta left and don't want to drive to grocery store since i'm drinking. And now i'm really hungry again... If it is in my fate to get a pizza tonight, I will be very happy and grateful, and pizza it forward :] 
[REQUEST] im gonna be honest.... (bay area, CA)
I'm not poor. I'm not sick. I'm not angry or upset at life. I don't particularly need my day cheered up, it has been pretty cool on its own. I am however hungry. 
[REQUEST] Poor college kid could use food.
I'm in Kent, Ohio. I haven't had a meal in two days for financial reasons. I don't get off work until 5 so the bank will be closed. I'd appreciate a pizza. I will pay it forward.
{REQUEST} Will fashion cool stories (bro) for chow in GA
The Infinite Well of Ramen Noodles has run dry. The villagers were greedy, dipping too often into it with the ladle and tongs. Now the children shall starve... unless we can feed them another way?

For a nominal fee of providing edible sustenance that doesn't slurp when I eat it, I shall impart stories of epic proportions based on the whims of the provider. In other words I'll draft a short story based on whatever meaningful or outright ridiculous crap you come up with. Am I any good at writing? Well, I won a Presidential writing award in third grade for an essay I did. I also helped ghost write 2 published works, one of which is in it's fourth printing. The other one was just a paycheck, that lady never stood a chance from the beginning.

The genre is up to you, I can write anything fiction without much trouble. If you want Optimus Prime to viciously beat Rainbow Brite with a broken Buzz Lightyear doll, I'll assemble the necessary back story =). All created works are royalty free, so turn em in to short story contests, publish them in a magazine, whatever.

I am hoping for at least $25 dollars worth of food, I can toss together a good read for that much, and I can eat a couple days off that. But longevity wise I need food for the rest of the week, so the more you donate the longer it'll be. Offer is open to anyone and I will accept up to 3 requests for stories, just make sure if you want something "romantic" that it's tasteful or I'll be inclined to turn it down.

That is all, hope I can snag a few jobs and keep the fridge full for a few days, thanks in advance guys =)
[Request] Indiana, would love to eat some pizza 
I would love to eat some pizza sometime this week, I realize that no pizza place will probably be open today but I can go for it tomorrow if necessary. I will definitely pay the act forward if someone is generous enough.
Request - Could really use a pizza, New Smyrna Beach Florida.
Here is where I say something witty or heart wrenching one to entice you,  the kind provider, to provide me with a free pizza. But its hard to be witty on an empty stomach (heart wrenching), and I would make a joke about pizza but its too cheesy (witty).   
[REQUEST] Toledo, Ohio -- I screwed up
My rent check, student loan payment, &amp; car payment all went through on the same day. Now I'm left with a -$103 account balance and the only thing to eat in my house is apples.

If anyone could be so kind as to pizza me, I would be much obliged. I will have access to funds come Monday, so I'll be able to survive until my paycheck on Friday.

Also, I promise I will pay it forward. When I get paid on Friday, I solomly swear that the first thing I'll do is pizza someone else in need.

Thank you!

**[edit] I've already been pizza'd by the gracious FrankReynolds. Just wanted to update this post, as my "got pizza'd" tag has yet to be applied.**
[Request] Hungry art students in need of food!
Me and a friend are in need of food real quick, we got like 0 bucks to our name. Stomach starting to hurt, so hungry :( need pizza if anybody is nice enough, anybody in tucson wanna be generous :)
[Request] I will tell anyone anything they want to know about me in exchange for cheesy goodness.
I say "anything" but personal information is a no go. But I have some dark secrets and some really cool things in my life. This was the most random way I could think of getting pizza'd.
[Request] Looking to give my kids a hot meal.
My children and I have had a hard time lately. I am financially broke since my ex (the kids dad) has stopped paying child support. We have been living off what we get from the local food give away for the last month. We are in Eastern Iowa. Any help is appreciated. Thank you in advance.

TY logicday for helping us! My children and I appreciate it!
[REQUEST] Southeast United Kingdom Starving Students.
We're two students that have packed up all of our belongings to go home, all of our money was used cleaning our dorm rooms (our electric meter has run dry  and there's nothing for us to eat until we leave tomorrow evening.  Please help us my stomach is making sounds like an erupting volcano :(. 

We're currently based in Kent, which is in southeast England for reference, and will PM email address or whatever necessary if anyone would be so kind as to help us out. &lt;3

We'll be more than happy to return the favour when we're in more a advantageous situation.

Thanks guys.
[Request] I don't know if this works but I'm having a terrible time...
So, I just recently graduated from a business college and earned a diploma to work in an office for admin. I was lucky and got a job right out of school. I had to commute to work and a week in my car died, so I went to a dealership to finance one since I didn't have any money saved. Yesterday I just got let go of my job. I posted about it in r/jobs here: http://www.reddit.com/r/jobs/comments/1kyxcc/i_got_fired_today_out_of_the_blue/ to gain some sort of advice/motivation. Well my new car has been having troubles and I finally had the time to take it in. Well my piece of shit extended warranty doesn't cover any of the things wrong with it and it's going to cost me 2500 like i have that lying around. So if there's any kinda strangers who can help a sista out with a pizza that would be great. I want pizza is kinda code when I'm just super sad. Since I have Celiac Disease and eating pizza is a treat for me now even though there's more options for us people who can't have gluten. Anywho, if there's any kind soul who can afford a pizza that'd be cool. but even a joke or uplifting advice would be cool too. Thanks. And I hope one day I can return the favour. I live in SK Canada by the way.
[request] Account Balance $0.91. Well crap.
This is going to be a long week. Would any kind soul out there be willing to help get me through tonight at least?

Located in Washington DC. 

In return, I will answer one question on any topic of reasonable historical interest that you wish to know. =D
(Request) Pizza is My Chemotherapy Nausea Solution
Greetings. My name is Melanie, and I'm 28 year old fighting Stage 2 Hodgkins Disease. I'm nearing the halfway point in my treatment. I go for chemotherapy every 2 weeks on a Thursday. I spend the weekend sleeping, and my appetite comes back by Monday or Tuesday.  One of the worst sides effects at that point is a nauseous taste in the back of my throat and strong tastes help me cope. Domino's Memphis BBQ Pizza has a strong taste that gives me some relief, and is also the idea balance of high protein/high calorie that my doctors want me to have. I'd really love to have that strong taste when I'm feeling the nausea. This is an ongoing post since every 2 weeks it would be helpful. Thank you for your help. 
[Request] Sick in bed and struggling financially... a hot meal would be really nice right now.
I run a struggling small business in southwest Ohio. Things aren't going so well, but I'm pretty certain once I get a nice clientele they'll ease up.

I live in an apartment with my girlfriend... between the two of us we struggle to pay for food, and suddenly I have a terrible cold (my fever just broke 100 degrees, and I've had fluid in my lungs a couple times... hoping it's not walking pneumonia), meaning working is impossible for me.

On top of that, just before the cold we had a condom break on us, so the money that would have gone to a copay to the doctor's office instead went to buying a morning after pill. I seriously hope it works. We've been trying to get regular birth control for *months,* but all we seem to do is struggle with the insurance company.

Just a little good news would be nice. Even if it's just "yes I'll buy you a pizza."

EDIT: I don't have much to offer, but my girlfriend can probably sketch you a little something if you want!
[request][UK] Celebrating my19th birthday with no money, would love something cheesy 
No real sob story here or anything, just craving on my birthday. Cheers
[Request] Hungry sixteen year old dude stuck at school for another hour and a half
I was up until 7am coding a website, had to wake up at 8:30am, resumed coding until 12pm, a friend smoked me down, came down around 3pm, but I couldn't go to class because I was way too tired. I'm now starving and can't go home for another hour and a half. :( Then it's another hour before I get home.

Anyway, I'll do something for a pizza, if you tell me what you want. :)

That something could include an Amazon purchase for you of up to $10.28. I have $10.28 stuck in an MTurk account, which I can transfer to a gift card balance and purchase something if you'd like. I don't have a bank account to withdraw it myself. I believe I can turn it into an [online gift card to Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/gp/gc/order/ref=gc_dp_conv_order?ie=UTF8&amp;casin=B004LLIKVU&amp;type=Email&amp;design=a_generic_white_10_us), if you want $10.28 in Amazon credit for some pizza. :)

**EDIT**: Turns out I can not turn it into an Amazon gift card. If you'd like me to purchase something for you though, I will. I can't purchase digital downloads, gift cards, subscribe &amp; save, or Amazon Prime according to the Amazon help.
[Request] Delaware chic needs cheese.
I've been unemployed for awhile. Not due to a lack of effort. I feel like I've hit rock bottom. I'm going on my second week eating dollar store oatmeal. My hormonal rage is making me crave something more. If anyone is in a giving mood, message me. I'd even be happy with a cheesy bread and little desserty thing.
[Request] Hey RAOP I Would like some Pizza.
No sob story here, no bullshit, I just want some pizza. If you aren't sure and you want to do something good then give your pizza to someone who "needs" it. 

I'm just coming here to ask for a random act of pizza from a stranger. 

I don't expect anything and definitely think that the people who really need food should be the main concern, but some pizza would cheer me up and I would really appreciate it.
[request] Michigan, USA - bills have taken a toll, have company and could use a pie and sticks to enjoy the night
this month was rough with a highe than planned electric bill and been paying for 20lb propane to heat our house while we wait for wood and so we had tuna and crackers for brunch... 

needless to say with the girlfriend's sister over tonight we could use a real meal but one we don't have to scrap together, something with ease might do us well. and hopefully we bounce back quick when the money rolls in. 

new to the subreddit, thanks for any help. peace :)
[Request] Washington State I'd like it if I could make my husband feel special about his accomplishment...
So we're waiting out for some money so we can get moved, but today my husband got his GED after three years! I'm so proud of him and he doesn't think it's anything special, but I want to reward him. Problem is we're pretty tight for cash after enrolling in college [waiting on loans, yay debt!]. If anyone would be so kind, it would really mean a lot to us.

Also just thanks for having such a nice subreddit for people. It's good to know people are getting help. :D
[REQUEST] Art student would love some cheesy goodness in the midst of some hospital visits with family. Can do commission in lieu of food.
Hey, guys. I know it's going to sound like kind of a sob story, but it's more stressful than sad for me right now. My grandmother died a few months ago, and since then, my grandfather's health has deteriorated rapidly. After weeks of me and my mom alternating between staying with him both at his home and in the hospital and going to my half-time job (an hour away from his house/the hospital he's staying at most of the time), I've had very little opportunity to be able to be home, and tonight is one of the nights I have off. My bank account is in the negative, and nothing aside from some cheese slices and my mother's frozen TV dinners are in the refrigerator.

I'd be more than willing to do some digital artwork with my tablet, or a physical and mail it/scan it in to you for basically anything.

I attempted using the verification system in the sidebar, but I'm not sure if it worked. I think it did, but I dunno.

Thank you in advance - you guys are the best!

EDIT: sorry, forgot to put where I am. Raleigh, North Carolina, USA.
[Request] Please sir I would like some Pizza.
I would enjoy if someone would order me a just a totally plain cheese pizza from papa johns.
Uhm I'm just really hungry and don't get paid till tomorrow so I would like to eat today haha. I don't know what else to say this is my first time you know. Oh yeah you might want to know that I'm from Texas. You can just order online. :)
[Request] $0.27 left and payday is two weeks away...
I'm in summer school and I spent all my money on books and Webassign. ($200 just to access my homework...)  I have a minimum wage job that pays on a week delay and I won't see a nickel until June 11. [Here is all the food I have left.](http://imgur.com/7qK3D7o)

I would be sooooooo happy to have some pizza this evening.

Raleigh, NC

Edit: Do one of you know me? I just got an email for a free pizza from Papa Johns...
[Request] On my SO and mines first movie date we snuck pizza in to the theater. We are seeing the Living Dead Friday and I would love to get to relive this. Id love to surprise him with this. Thank you guys so much for helping people (and hopefully me)!!!!! [Florida, USA]
Thank you guys! I hope to get pizza! 
[Request] I'm a pizza-gluten with a mischievous puppy... he has planned a saucy heist
I found this subreddit from the front-page. Great to see it exists. I am a grad-student at Mizzou getting my M.B.A. and while money is tight I would never ask for food for that reason, I can afford a mouth-watering PB&amp;J. Instead I just wanted to share a pic of the newest member of my family that will hopefully not steal too much of the delicious mana some call Pizza! [My pup "Memphis"](http://i.imgur.com/ao70I.jpg). If his cuteness strikes you enough to send a pizza my way, so be it.... you're just another one of his victims.

And for all of you pizza lovers out there, I challenge you to find a better pizza than Pepperoni, Canadian bacon, artichoke hearts, pepper-jack cheese, red peppers, extra cheese, and extra sauce, on sour dour crust.... What's that? you think you can? tell me... 

Glutton**   thanks digiteknique, I knew I misspelled it after I submitted but couldn't edit it!
[REQUEST] Unfortunately, I'm on day two without food and I am resorting to desperate measures.
I'm using a throwaway account because I'm pretty embarrassed about asking reddit to buy me food, but I really have nowhere else to turn to. I live alone and I'm currently jobless. I once had a nice amount saved up in the bank, but unexpected expenses and bills have made it impossible for me to get through the rest of the month. The pantry is bare and so are my pockets. Literally. I ate my last Ramen packet a couple days ago and I just don't think I'm going to be able to make it until November. If there's anybody willing to help me out soon, I would appreciate it. I will return the favor as soon I am able to.

*
[Request] Me want a pizza pie! AKA hungry parents with a fussy baby and an empty fridge in CA, USA.
Hello RAoP!

My fiancé and I have been living on cereal, grilled cheese sandwiches and jello for almost 2 week now. Our [fridge](http://imgur.com/pXp9j) is bare aside from the essentials (milk, cheese, bread) and will remain that way until the 3rd. I'm okay with eating this way for a couple more days but my guy is going crazy. He just went off to work with a sack lunch of the usual and made a comment about how his stomach is shrinking and it made me feel bad. I was thinking about a hot meal I can make (for us for when he got home) with what we have but there's not much. Plus, I have a fussy baby on my hands. We have an 8 month old who is a high risk infant so she gets a monthly RSV shot to prevent her from getting the nasty virus. She's been a handful since yesterday :(

I've never requested a pizza here before and we aren't really the types to splurge on eating takeout. But if I had the money I'd do it today, as it would raise our spirits. I just got my verification code so if anyone can hook it up I would greatly appreciate it! I would also pay it forward as soon as I'd be able to :)

Thanks &lt;3


[request] MISSOURI-babysitting
I am babysitting a four and a two year old for one of my best friends. Her and her husband are going to hawaii for a long waited much needed honeymoon five years late. her flight was suppose to be tomorrow but that one got canceled and the best option for them was to take a flight a day early. This has but a big burden on me beings tho tomorrow I get my food stamps which is the only reason I said I could watch her children for her, because I feel pathetic not having any food for them. I feel like a horrible aunt.   
[REQUEST] Pizza for a hungry student in Alabama
Hey guys, I'm just looking for any one to help me make it to next week. I don't get paid until Wednesday, but due to a parking ticket ($50! unbelievable) i've been wiped clean of cash. I haven't eaten since Thursday, and while I have no problem with just sucking it up until Wednesday, I have a test Monday and a random act of pizza would really help to get my brain going. 

Thanks for even looking at this!
[Request] Will take a picture of anything you ask me to do and post it for a pizza
basically, as the title indicates, I am bored of studying/waiting to fail my finals and am super hungry.  If anyone has a request, I will take a picture of myself fulfilling that request in exchange for pizza.
[Request] Physically unable to shop/cook, a few days from first paycheck
I found out a couple weeks ago that I have Rheumatoid Arthritis. While I wait to start serious treatment, I'm having to give up just about every focal activity in my life- basketball, yoga, alcohol and long nights out. This is making my move to a new city all the more difficult, as you might imagine.
Anyway, I'm hungry, low on food, and too achy to shop and prepare a meal (no real grip function today). I figured it would be worth a shot since I'm just a couple days away from returning the gesture.
[Request]- It's been a down week... not to mention few years.
I got laid off on Monday from my blue-collar job I've had for years. My boss said that it's hopefully a temporary cost-cutting measure,
 and I'll probably be hired back in the fall when production picks up, and I believe him. Things always pick back up in the fall.

 I have a little bit of money saved up, but I stress about the long term.
 
For the last year, it's just been me and my 2 wonderful girls, A. (6) and P.(9).  Their mom left last year due to with her drug abuse (First perscription opiates, then heroin). After 3 rounds of 28-day 
treatment (one of them court-ordered), I kicked her out... I had to, I couldn't bear to have the girls see her in the state she was in 99% of the time; if not high, then dope-sick and angry. She occasionally will pop up and visit, but I know she's still using.

Long story short: My kids aren't exactly starving, but they havent had a pizza night with dad in quite a long time. I'm hoping we can sit on the floor as a family in front of the tv, put in "How to Train Your Dragon", chow down, and forget about stuff for a couple of hours. 

P.S. Obvious throwaway, I didn't want to post with my regular account, as I'm a regular poster/commenter, and not a lurker.
[REQUEST] NEW JERSEY
I am requesting a pizza for dinner. My hubby is in the ICU unit,.He had a sezuier and hit his head. They had to do emergency Brain surgery, He is medical coma. Its to early to tell what is going to happen to him. If you cant do a pizza, Please sent good thoughts his way .

Why am I on the internet? I am trying to keep my mind busy, Thanks :]
(Request) paycheck at my part time job is coming late but I'd sure like some pizza right now
I'm a broke college kid working a part time job at Kohls and they said something got messed up with the system and I have to wait for my paycheck. I'm haven't been able to buy groceries yet and I'd appreciate a pizza :)
[Request] Screwed by Bank of America and an online thief
So I had 100$ taken from my bank account by some fraudulent paypal scammer. Bank of America "investigated" twice and are now saying that the transaction was "authorized" setting me back a 100$ I don't have. A pizza would do wonders for my crappy, crappy mood right now. I'm located in Philadelphia.
[Request] Bored, Hungry and Would Love a Pizza in Cary, NC
As the title says, there isn't much going on here in Cary this Sunday for me. If you've ever been bored to the point of counting the squares on your ceiling, please consider me. When I say there's nothing going on, I truly mean there is nothing going on. A yummy, cheesy pepperoni pizza would definitely break the monotony that is this very boring Sunday. Thank you.
[Request] Really craving pizza!
Only one place delivers to my house, and i don't get paid until thursday. I promise to reciprocate the gracious gifting of pizza on payday, though :)
[Request] Interning A Goverment Tech Job, Broke Until the 8th, Will donate when I have money.
I live in the Twin-Cities area (MN). If you buy me a pizza, I promise to but a pizza for another redditor once i get paid.
[Request]My city has been hit my typhoon twice.
I've been eating a very limited meal after the typhoon hit my city. I hope somebody is willing to send me a pizza so I can at least enjoy eating one of meal (I don't know how will you send it but I'm from Santiago City, Philippines.)
[Request] Having a bad week, broke, would like to eat something other than sandwiches. (Palm Bay, FL)
I'm unemployed and have been chasing after job opportunities... Last night I got an IM from the president of a company with a promising job opportunity, only he told me that everything would be delayed because of issues with FCC regulations and I wouldn't start until February at the earliest. Yesterday my laptop broke and I had to send it in to Apple for repairs. This afternoon I broke the mirror on the closet door while putting a box back in the closet. I called around for quotes on a new mirror. It's going to cost me $100 to replace the mirror. I have to do it, as it's my landlady's property. Kinda bums me out, but it has to be done.

While it's not necessary, some delicious pizza would cheer me up quite a bit. I'll be able to pay it forward this weekend when I get some money. Thank you! :)
[Request] WROCLAW, Poland: 4 Irish lads working for a pub crawl who got paid 2.50 for 4 weeks work. Free pubcrawl tshirt for the kind stranger.
Hi guys. My friend posted this is a link to our offer for a pizza in return for a free tshirt (pic in link). We are broke as hell and would love some kind stranger to buy a pizza for us. Even come party with us one night. Please reddit, show us some love.  http://www.reddit.com/r/RandomActsOfPizza/comments/vuqnx/wroclaw_poland_4_irish_lads_working_for_a/
[Request]London, England. No money until my student loan comes through. Poem for a Pizza?
I'm pretty broke and have nothing to eat. Nor the ability cook something without giving my self food poisoning, so please give me some pizza! In return i can write a poem about anything you want, i'm no Carol Anne Duffy but i'll write it to the best of my ability. Please someone respond. I will be completely willing to return the favour as soon as i get some money. Thanks for taking a look.

Also i'm very sad, but a pizza would make me happy!
[request] Oregon, USA, Just failed final, Financial Aid check delayed.
Was hoping one of you kind folks would be willing to help out a suddenly-depressed college kid. Just walked out of an Accounting Final that went pretty bad. On top of that, I was supposed to get my check for next term's financial aid this week, but won't be getting it until April 2. Anything at all would be amazing.
{Request} Single Father Looking to Treat Kids tonight
I am always working, and my eldest (who is 16) helps take care of the house and other two kids while I am at work. Tonight, I would like to treat them to a nice pizza and wings dinner, but I have no money. Please help.

P.S. Dominos is their favorite

[Request] First date with the girl of my dreams
WARNING: TL;DR


Hey, so after 4 years of knowing this person, I've finally asked out the woman of my dreams to a date this Tuesday, and I'm STOKED! Problem is...I am broke. I'm only in 10th grade and my parents aren't big on lending me money. That's a big downer. However a good buddy of mine has been a Redditor for some years now, and he said that what I should do is come here for random acts of pizza. Normally, being the internet, I'm unsure how this works or if the internet is a kind-hearted place or not. So...going on my friends word.. Can you guys help me with this date? I don't wanna lose her after the first date. Thanks Reddit!

[TL;DR] I have a first date with a 4 year crush in a few days and my friend reccomended me to ask here for the most romantic pizza dinner by Reddit.
[Request] Iowan Looking for Some Pizza
Hello, RAoP. I am currently sitting at my desk at work looking over my checkbook register, sighing at the fact that I have $1.85 left to last me until May 3rd. Yesterday I spent my last little bit of money on a birthday present for my daughter, who turns 4 tomorrow. It has also been raining the last week and a half. Could really go for a tasty pizza when I get off of work just to cheer me up, and will pay it forward hopefully on the 3rd when I get paid again. 
 Thanks for reading.
[REQUEST] [St. Paul MN] Student working on many many essays and studying, need some motivation.
Not sure what else to say, this is my first time posting here, I am just hungry and can't afford much. A pizza right now would be greatly appreciated. Haven't eaten today and I'm super hungry.
[Request] Bank account is overdrawn, I don't get paid until Friday, and I'd love a pizza for dinner. 
I have a gluten-allergy unfortunately but Domino's makes gluten-free pizza that I don't react to! 

I would appreciate this like crazy and am genuinely planning to pay it forward asap. 
[Request] I'm a broke college student getting ready for his for day of the semester tomorrow. (Boone, North Carolina)
Hey everyone, this is my first time asking reddit for a pizza, or anything for that matter. I'm a 2nd year Environmental Science Major at Appalachian state university. I'm asking for a Pizza because I've been living off of Peanutbutter sandwiches for a bit and a cheesy pizza sounds good. I obviously will live without one, just thought I'd give this try because my friends can't buy me a pizza haha.

After reading other posts, I'd prefer someone who is legitimately starving get a pizza instead, I can enjoy my Peanut butter sandwiches a while longer.
[request] Asheville, Studying for finals and hungry.

not working this week due to studies. I just want some tasty pie 

(REQUEST) ASKING FOR PIZZA FOR ME AND DAUGHTER.
HI I am in louisville ky and my daughter will be home soon from school and she has been wanting pizza and right now I am broke until I get paid  next week..can anyone please send us some pizza please ..
[REQUEST] I have eaten ramen 3 meals a day for the last 5 days, can someone please be mind enough to lend a guy some pepperoni? 
I really really really hate asking for things, especially from strangers. I lost a bunch of hours on my last check, and have been surviving on the 4 dollars u had left after rent, ramen is nasty. If you want to help someone out, this guy is desperate for some protein. Thank you even if you don't help. 


Edit. I am in Peoria illinois, if that helps. I am also down to walk to your house and clean for food at this point in the day if you live in ptown. 
[REQUEST] Sunderland, UK. Have to spend all my money repairing my bike for work, will forward on Friday when I get paid.
In a nutshell, 2 months ago I sold my car to cycle to work and yesterday night the rear derailleur of my Trek Madone sheared off and I crashed into a bus shelter full of kids (no kids were hurt, but they laughed). 

I have to spend my last £60 on repairs whilst nursing a bruised ego.

I only have freezer food until Friday and some pizza would go a long way to making me feel better. 


I will forward or pay back as soon as I get paid this Friday, promise.

Thanks for reading.

[Request Fl, USA] Celebrating early high school graduation.
Hey everyone, I graduated early on Monday but unfortunately about 3 hours before I was going to celebrate, my best friend called me saying her grandfather died and I've spent the last few days since then comforting her, making sure she doesn't focus on it, etc. This has lead to a lack of celebration and all I really want for graduating is a pizza. So if someone wants to help me celebrate, I'd really appreciate it.
[Request] Darwin, Australia, broke uni student, havent eaten for 3 days :(
as the title says i'm a uni student in darwin, australia and due to rent and a high power bill i havent been able to buy my food shopping for this week, i wont get paid for 2 days and i've run out of staples like rice etc. if anyone can lend a hand with a RaoP i would be forever greatful &lt;3
[Request] I've never felt like anything terrible enough is happening in my life to feel like I deserve a pizza over some of the other people that request here.
Orange County, CA. This is *random* acts of pizza not *charitable* acts of pizza, so I suppose it's worth a shot. A pizza tonight would make me insanely happy. I'm drooling over thoughts of gooey cheese... mmmm :)
[request] College guy, pretty hungry. Would love a pizza for tonight.
I just started classes this week, and I probably won't have any money for a couple more weeks. I'm running pretty low on food and a pizza could feed me for at least a few days. Situation's no more complicated than that. When I get some money, I'd love to return the favor.

Thanks guys. :)
Request: No power/Irene
Im in charlotte nc, just found out that the electricity company won't get around to my property to early next week, leaving no power for me n the kids until then. Was gracefully asking for a little help.
[Request] No luck so far with a job hunt. Would love something warm for dinner!
I lost my job two and a half weeks ago and have been constantly on the hunt for a new job since then.  I've been living off of family leftovers, PB&amp;J and cereal since then.  I'd love nothing more than something nice and hot for dinner tonight (and the next few nights cause holla, leftovers!) and Papa John's has their buffalo chicken pizza on special today.  As soon as I am able, I would be more than happy to pay it forward if someone were so inclined to help me out.  Thanks!
(Request) Pizza in Long Beach?
So i've been surviving off bread and soup for a few days and have a few more days of that to look forward to. I don't get off work for a few hours though and all my soup is at home. I only have 3 cans left, so I'm hesitant to even eat them.


Would anyone be able to hook up a pizza? Any pizza? I had some M&amp;M's today but even making this request is making me salivate.

Update: In another thread Krayer saw and sent me $7.92 so imma go buy some tuna and cup of noodles. Thank you to anyone who read this post but tonight, I dine on canned fish!

Edit 2: 1369ic hooked it up a lil more so when possible i shall post a picture of my tuna, bread, and other good eats in place of pizza tonight. 
[REQUEST] in Harrisonburg VA (JMU), student pulling an all nighter for final tomorrow
Im not broke like many of the others in here, that being said I am on a college student budget and would love a pizza to help pull me through this all nighter I'm starting. Good luck to any other student that sees this!
[Request] Today has sucked
Today has been awful, I have no money, I got a bill in which I can't pay, I have no food in my house and to top it all off rent is due. A pizza would be amazing right now.
Im in Londonderry - Northern Ireland
[Request] struggling college student with $1.58 to my name
In between paychecks and no food left in the apt. I have been trying to ration the food I had left to last until next week. Turns out I miss calculated. I have been out of a job for about 2 months now and just got another one a couple weeks ago, my next paycheck should be enough to cover everything, but until then I'm flat broke and can't even afford the gas to put in my bike to get to work. A nice hot meal other than the ramen Ive been eating would be nice right now. Any help?
[Request] My boyfriend's birthday has been a clusterfuck. Can someone help me make it better? 
Long story short, today is my boyfriend's birthday and it has nooooot gone as planned at all. 

It sucks :( I want to take him out for dinner to try to fix this, but can't afford it. Broke as hell and I don't get paid until the end of the month.

I live in Canada, is anyone willing/able to help me out? Something delicious from Pizza 73 or Panago would go miles towards helping me perk him up and put a smile on his face.

Edit: scratch this request, guys. We're passing out now. 
Keep calm and pizza on!  
[Request] Virginia, USA- Lost (low-paying) job yesterday due to the chronic stress fracture in my foot
So, about a 2 months ago, I found a job. It took me three months of searching, and this one was part time and only paid about $650 a month- barely enough to get rent and food out of the way. The rest of my expenses have been coming out of my dwindling savings account for a while now.

I also got a stress fracture in my foot about a year ago. I was in and out of a walking boot for about 5 months altogether, and my doctor and I thought it was healed. I could walk 2-3 miles at a time and not encounter any pain and I thought I was in the clear.

And then I got this job, which required standing in one place for 8 hrs at a time. I did fine at the beginning, but then the pain started coming back. I guess my foot just couldn't take it. I got an ultrasound on it two days ago. Turns out the fracture has broken again, and I now also have arthritis in the surrounding area. I'm back in a walking boot. The one I have this time had to be a loaner from the doctor's office because insurance wouldn't pay for a new one. This one goes up to my knee and is a size too big, and it's hard to get around in it.

(I've also figured out that I can't really get worker's comp for it because it was a gradual injury, and in Virginia you're required to have a specific accident happen. It's also unlikely to happen because it happened previously not in the context of work.) 

My boss got really snippy with me when I quit, and I just had to sit there crying for a while after I hung up the phone.

So, I'd love some pizza. I could make it last for a few days, and that'd be 3-4 meals that I wouldn't have to stand up to make. It'd be really helpful. As soon as I get a job where I'm not struggling to get rent, utilities, and food out of the way, I will definitely return the favor to someone else who needs it.

Sorry for the longwinded-ness, I'm just really not having a good time right now. :(

TL;DR: Broken foot causes me to lose shitty job that barely paid my expenses anyway. Would love pizza. Would also love to give pizza when I can afford it.
[Request] Fayetteville, AR - need a pizza pick-me-up
Life is a hectic mess right now and eating on the cheap has had its merits, but if I eat one more egg or package of ramen I may cry. I've spent my last bit of money on moving to a new town to start fresh on life, and while things are good, I am craving a pizza like whoa.

Also, it'd be a bit of a celebration to having a job interview today. The pay increase would help oh so very much, so I'm crossing my fingers! Hopefully if the job comes through, I can pay it forward.

Thanks! &lt;3
[REQUEST] Orange county, california. I'm pregnant and my ultrasound is tomorrow I could really use a pizza!
i'm really hungry and all my money is going towards my ultrasound tomorrow, pretty please with sugar on top buy me a pizza? i'll send you the ultrasound picture when i found out the gender tomorrow! celebration time!
i'll also loveee you forever. thank youuu.
[REQUEST]Just moved in and debit card isn't here yet,  not starving but broke
My girlfriend and I wouldn't mind a nice pizza - normally I'd have plenty to eat but the bank happens to be closed today so no cash for me :( any takers?  Ill be sure to buy someone a pie in the future 

to clarify,  we haven't received our fridge yet either 
[Request] Hi RAOP, I do not have a financial crisis but I'm having a terrible week and it seems like when it can't get any worse, it does. I would really like to enjoy a Pizza today! [66]
A pizza and hopefully a story about your life and how you're enjoying it. Just so I know that there are awesome times in life :)

I do live in Canada so I'm hoping that's not a problem.
[Request] Jobless, broke, getting sued for $50,000, depressed and anxiety levels through the roof. Been craving pizza but can't afford it.
I've never done this before, and I can't imagine anybody would give a stranger a free pizza. But why not give it a shot. 

I just want a night of greasy comfort food. Like I said, being sued for 50k, due to a bus accident I caused a year ago in which 14 people were injured (an honest mistake; it was raining, couldn't get out of the way in time, just spun in place). Insurance couldn't cover it all. Had to empty my bank account to pay for a lawyer, and on top of that I got laid off from my job a few months ago. Living with my parents again, and was almost able to move back out, until the accident. Back to square one.

I've always had problems with anxiety and depression, and this is really making me crumble. Had to stop seeing my therapist due to losing my insurance through my job (called some sliding scale clinics but not taking new patients). It would just be nice to eat some comforting pizza. But I can't afford much. 

Thanks for your consideration and for reading this. If you want proof of some kind I'll provide whatever you need; I know it sounds like kind of a fantastic run of bad luck.
[Request] Just moved to Idaho. This county has a no franchise law. Haven't started working yet and I am desperate for some pizza.
No dominos, pizza hut, alfys, or even papa johns. What am I going to do?!
[Request] 13 year old girl wants a pizza
Spent all afternoon out in the cold because my older sister got in a fender bender.  Mom had a tooth pulled and is in too much pain to make dinner.  
[request] northern virginia: quit my job, home alone with no money or food, $10 away from a free pizza
Hello.

I've been subsisting on tip money for the past couple of days, but I had to quit my job this morning because my manager threatened to fire me if I did not take an 18 hour shift (right after 4 hours of sleep from a 12 hour shift!). I had been working as a cook for a sports bar type place for a week and a half, but I have yet to receive my first paycheck. I quit because I cannot work for a place that does not respect the schedule, forcing me to work unannounced overtime that is often more than the scheduled time itself. I've already filled out applications to 5 places, so I am sure I'll be fine. I'll get my paycheck in the mail on Friday or Saturday, too.

About me: 19, EMS student &amp; highschool grad who no longer has tip money to carry him day to day. I moved back in with my mom from my grandparents house. My grandparents are well-off, but my mother is unemployed and gets food bill from the grandparents. She is visiting my aunt and uncle in Canada this week, so no food bill for me until Sunday. :(

What I can give in return: If I give you my Papa John's credentials, you can order just a $10 pizza to my door and I will have earned 1 free large pizza from their loyalty program. :D
I can either eat it myself or send it back to you! 2 for the price of 1!
I can also chat with you about science, academics, or just politics or really whatever you'd like to talk about. We can connect on Tumblr or Facebook if you like :3
[Request] 3 college kids at work looking for a little pizza love
The three of us are here at work at the campus computer repair desk. It's the end of the semester and we're all kind of hurting on cash, and it would be awesome to get a little pizza to share and make sure we aren't wasting an hour of $8/hour pay.

R_A_O_P is awesome, and we'd really appreciate it. I really hate asking for stuff like this, but pizza sounds delicious right now.

Thanks for considering us.

[Request] Chicago, IL Just moved,  
an empty apartment and empty 
stomachs!
My girlfriend and I just moved into our first apartment together, and after a hot weekend of moving and moving related expenses, we're broke and hungry.

We would love to spend our first real night in our new apartmen snugglin' with a pie.
[REQUEST] Just had my wisdom teeth out earlier this week, and moving back into the dorms
I had a room to myself, but now I have a roommate. I just really want some pizza to break the ice.
[Request] Can anyone help?
I don't get paid until Wednesday, and my sister and I are reeling from the fact that we just found out our biological father lost his fight with cancer this morning. A pizza or 2 would be a welcome. Have a good week.

EDIT: forgot to put [request] in the title the first time. Maybe that's why it didn't show up on the subreddit...
[Request] I know everyone is mostly going to give to boston but my gaybro and I are broke on a friday night all slone.
We're sitting here chatting and watching the news to distract us from our hunger. Gratitude.
What ever you can give is greatly appreciated

[Request]Boyfriend says I'm on my own for dinner with no money in the bank until Friday. Anybody willing to buy me dinner?
So where he works he somehow got free pizza for dinner and texted me I was on my own. I told him to bring me some and he said he can't...they ate it all. :(  I'm in Sherwood Arkansas and thought I might give this a try. Think it might make him laugh if I get a pizza too. :) 

EDIT: Ok cancel this request. A friend called me and if going to take me out to dinner. :)
[REQUEST] Not looking for "free" pizza, just a quick pay it forward until Monday. (Pittsburgh)
Well, it's Thursday and I am hungry. We get paid on the 15th of every month at my job, and when I looked when I paid all my bills for the first half of the month, I thought the 15th was a Sunday which means we would have got our paychecks tomorrow (Friday since they do not direct deposit on the weekend).

The first half of the month always kills me in bills so I know to be tight with money until I get paid next...well, I didn't expect to not have any money all weekend. Whoops. It is totally my fault though, since I totally looked at the wrong date. Derp.

Anyways, just looking for some dinner tonight that will last over into breakfast/lunch tomorrow, but I am not poor or needy by any stretch of the imagination, **SO THAT MEANS THAT IF THERE IS SOMEONE ELSE POSTING THAT SOUNDS AS IF THEY NEED THIS PIZZA WAY MORE THAN ME, PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF CHEESE GIVE IT TO THEM OVER ME!**

I just want to get a pizza today and pay for it once I get paid, so that means if you buy me a pizza, come Monday you can (read: **YOU GOTTA DO IT MAN**) PM me saying *Hey, I bought you that pizza on Thursday, I want my pizza back now bitch."* and you'll have a pizza sent right to your door!

Or, if you're feeling x2 times as generous, email me a link from RAoP that you chose and feel is needing a pizza, and I'll randomly send them a pizza. Pretty much, I feel shitty asking for a pizza tonight because it is just piss poor planning on my part with my pay, so I'd love to just give the pizza back to you next week or give it to someone else you deem is worthy.
[REQUEST]Alone on a Saturday night, will make you a cool drawing, or send kitty pics! (MA/US)
The roommate's out, the boyfriend's having a night with his friends.  I'm a week away from turning 22 with no job and no social life (which is good I guess, because I'd be enticed to eat out more).  My family pays me to clean houses for them, but that $100 I make goes straight into groceries (now eaten twice as fast since the bf decided to save money buying lunch at work by having me cook when he's over; I don't mind, but he hasn't contributed much to the grocery bill) and gas.  I'm feeling pretty down tonight, but I'm not the worst off.  I have food in my apartment, and a car that runs.  But I figured it wouldn't hurt to ask.
Anyone wanna float me a slice?  I'll draw just about anything you want.  I can do some half-decent portraits, manga was my old hobby, I can make some MLP characters... :P  All by hand, colored, for you.  Or I can send you pics of my roommate's cat and my cat. 
Thanks for reading! &lt;3
[Request] Chicago Area, Illinois It's my birthday and all I really want is some pizza  
I have no money (aka poor college student) and I just want to enjoy some delicious pizza, so if can get some I would greatly appreciate it :)
[REQUEST] Something to keep me going while I look for a second jorb.
I'm a 22 year old student out of Topeka, KS, majoring in accounting and finance. I am currently on the hunt for a 2nd job that'll pay for tuition, books, and the other expenses life presents me. As my current job barely covers rent and utilities, food has kinda taken a back seat for me. I know I'm new on here, but I have been a long time member on other web sites like Slickdeals.net, which showed me how to save money on groceries thru Amazon.

I am hitting up a temp agency today to see if I can find an immediate solution to my money quandaries. If I am successful in supplementing my income, I will gladly return to do my part in keeping the wheel of Pizza graciousness spinning. My birthday is coming up on the 14th of July, and I have always felt more comfortable with giving than receiving on my special day. Like a hobbit.

It would be such a blessing to not have to worry about where my next couple meals are coming from.
{Request} If somebody could provide the cheapest pizza possible in the area for me and a hungry friend.
All you have is my word, for what its worth from a stranger on the internet but I have a guaranteed free pizza coupon code this sunday and am willing to send it to you in exchange. We would really appreciate a pizza or any food for that matter.
[Request] I'm a terrible cook and would love a pizza
**Miami, FL**

I've never tried this RaoP before, but I thought I'd give it a shot. I've had a shitty week at work, burnt myself trying to cook, and in the end I couldn't really eat it. Here's some [proof](http://i.imgur.com/TeGji0E.jpg).

A small pan pizza from Domino's sounds amazing right now, but I won't be picky! I'll even pick up at the store to save on the delivery fee.

Thanks in advance!

--- DJ
[Request] Drunk, Playing Starcraft II, want pizza

[Request] Bank account frozen-no food in the house-spent last bit of money on formula for my son.
My bank account is frozen due to 'suspicious activity' which is a mistake on the bank's part but they said there's nothing they can do for 5-6 days on top of that the electricity in my apartment just got turned back on due to a power line getting struck a few days ago and all of the food in my fridge is bad now. I was planning on shopping tonight but with my account frozen, I can't. 

I spent the last bit of money I had on-hand to buy my 4 and a half month old son some formula and put some gas into my car. A pizza would do wonders for me tonight. 

I'll gladly pay it forward when my bank account becomes unfrozen 
[request] Student in Austin would be grateful for dinner
Hello. This is my novelty account in place of my real 2-year one. People have quickly forgotten about this masterpiece of a book. I decided not to perpetuate anything to do with Palin anyway.

I've never asked the internet for assistance, so be gentle with me. I live in Austin and I don't have too much longer on my degree. I had a work-study job, but since I'm not taking summer classes, I don't anymore. I have $4 to get me through the week. If some nice guy or gal could send a pizza my way, I'd be blown away. Two mediums could feed me for 3 days

As a token of my gratitude, I could send you a picture of me and said pizza or write a paragraph for you in an interesting foreign language (which I will keep secret for now ;) ). 

Thank you.
[request] South Florida. Parents are out for the week and the house is lacking a vital component. Pizza.
Sitting here with myself, my two sisters, and my elder sister's boyfriend. We've been cooking our own meals the past few nights, but today I'm thinking pizza. Parents are coming home soon and we gotta start cleaning up.
[REQUEST] My campus' dining closed down. 
My school is opened these last two days (Monday and Tuesday) for finals even though a lot of people had most of theirs last week. My friend and I have an exam on Tuesday, so we haven't been able to go home early. But what I don't get is why all the food shut down without a prior notice. I've been living on meal swipes this semester, but now their useless and I'm broke, so no going out to eat. I just need a pizzaaaa.
[Request]- Oklahoma, hurting for the sauce man...
I am exhausted after work, and hungry, however, I spent the last of my money buying Reddit gold for people the other night. That's my own fault though. Anyways, if you're in a pizza giving mood, I'm in a pizza receiving mood. Also, does anyone know how to make an X-mas present seamless when wrapping it? It keeps buckling..

Edit: Don't need it anymore! Roommate came home with that Little Caesars! 
[Request] Too broke for much of anything. Can't even do what makes me happy.
I've never done this and I should probably use a throwaway, but whatever. I've been unemployed, again, for a few weeks now and my unemployment checks are less than half of what I was making when I was working. I've applied to over twenty jobs in the past month and only one has even gotten back to me to say that they had found someone better suited. All of my bills and rent are/were late, I can barely afford enough food, and, to top it off, I can't even go snowboarding....which is truly the only thing that keeps me sane in the winter. All of my friends are snowboarders and most of them are out riding tonight. I'm not saying a pizza would cure the shit that's going through my head, but I could definitely use one to help restore some optimism in my life.
EDIT: I know I'm not in the worst of shape with where I'm at, but I do battle with some very strong depression from time to time and right now is one of those times. Also, I'd always rather give than receive and bringing myself to ask for help is one of the hardest things for me to do.
[Request] Houston, Tx. Finally made the decision to go to college after taking a year off. Just spent all of my money on books and tuition classes..
Community college in the summer and full time in the Fall at UH! I'm pretty hungry and to be honest, I'm kinda scared that the remainder of the money in my account won't be enough to get me to work till next paycheck...Pizza would be awesome right now!
[REQUEST] Wondering if someone will trade a pizza for paypal $. My friend and I are travelling, both completely broke till we can hit a bank tomorrow, but I have some cash in my paypal.
Unfortunately, dominos doesn't take paypal :P I'm in canada if that matters. I posted this earlier, but I thikn it got hooked by the spam filter
[request] Sacramento USA - Girlfriend is broke, I'm broke, she's sick and hungry.
Girlfriend is at home, sick and hungry. She has no cash right now and I don't get paid until tomorrow or I'd order her some cheeze pizza. If anyone is able to help it would be much appreciated! Thank you!
[REQUEST] The cabinet, like our bellies, is empty. Pizza is our savior. Newport News, VA
My roommate and I are college seniors, finals week. We're both pretty much out of food aside from a few cans of soup and oatmeal. Some pizza tonight would be AMAZING. I will also pledge to return the favor in three weeks when I'm back home and working. Swearsies.
[This is us](http://i.imgur.com/yYfXD.png) (sorry for the duckface)
[Request] Mount Pleasant MI. Up all night with 2 sick kids. Could use a pizza.
I probably got a total of 2 hours of sleep last night due to my children being sick.  My husband is out of town so I cant sleep today.  I am exhausted and would not have to cook lunch.   Thanks.
Request - pizza for three
I dont get paid until tomorrow, and we have nothing to eat for dinner. my 5 and 7 year old really love pizza and it would be a great surprise for them to have pizza for dinner. So a Ecard would really be helpful cause i can order around dinner time and surprise my babies with pizza.
[Request] Louisville, KY - Money's a little tight right now and I'm really craving a pizza
My bank account balance is negative and I have a craving for pizza. Humbly requesting some help with dinner.
[request] Pennsylvania, really could use a pizza
would really like a pizza, i am broke and the cupboards are bare, and you can only eat so many ramen noodles... thank you
[Request] Just finished 10hrs @ work and now have to Study
A pizza would be fucking awesome.  Between paychecks, GF is out so shes not cooking and a meaty pizza while studying some science would be great.
[Request]I'm babysitting my sister tonight and we've both been eating pb&amp;js for the last couple months frequently. There's nothing to eat here. Could you help us out?

[request] Random acts of pizza
I am single mother i have no food in the house and do not get paid for another day or so. It would be amazing if someone kind soul would feed me dinner tonight. Me and my daughter would love it!
[Request] (UK) Challenge me!
It's a slow Sunday afternoon and I'm both bored and hungry so I thought I'd have a go at fixing both of these at once. Think up a challenge which you'd deem worthy of a pizza and I'll give it a go and post pics. If you think I did well enough you can congratulate me with some delicious pizza.
[Request] London, Canada. It'd be really nice to have a hot meal delivered.
It's summer, I'm a student, and I'm broke for the next week or so. It would be really, really nice to have a hot meal delivered to my doorstep. I'd repay the community once my student loan comes in, but until then I'm getting kind of sick of ramen.

Thanks for reading. :)
[request] Unemployed but looking, nothing but a zucchini and condiments in the fridge. Atlanta, GA area
So I currently have $3 in my bank account and a job's been hard to come by with every place I've been to being fully staffed due to the holiday season.  If anyone is feeling particularly generous, I'd greatly appreciate a pizza to live off of for a couple days.  
[request]  broke college student, really miss pizza (Montana)
I haven't had any pizza the entire semester, and I have missed it very much. I don't have much left for my last month either, a bit of pasta, and ramen. 

Would surely appreciate a pie sometime for some variety. Thanks for reading.
[Request] Spent all my money trying to fix my car, in desperate need of a Pizza
I've spent the last three days fixing my car, and in the process had to spend all of my money in parts and it's still not fixed yet :(  I've had nothing but bread (no peanut butter or jelly :() the last two days (it was time to go grocery shopping right before car broke down.) I have tried everything to get borrow money from friends, but being college students they couldn't do much.  If someone could send me a pizza that would be awesome, I'd so appreciate it, it'd last last me three days too! I'll pay it forward Friday!
[Request] Had to pay rent, only have ramen and rice to last until Wednesday, will pay it forward. [NW Ohio]
Roommates and I had to pay rent on Friday, and I am now broke until I get paid on Wednesday. Totally willing to pay it forward on Wednesday. 

Looking for something to add a change to my rice and ramen I've got.
[REQUEST] Will Pay it forward by the end of this week if not sooner San Antonio, Texas
I wanted to lean on the community really quick for some pizza tonight.   Lost my bank card on Saturday afternoon and I am really sick of oatmeal and frozen veggies, since that  is the only thing left in the fridge.  

I give my word I will pay it forward by the end of this week if not sooner and get some else pizza.

Thanks for reading

[Request] Just got done with a 65hr work week, don't feel like cooking, I've given before. Would anyone buy me a pizza? (Springfield Ohio)
Would you buy me a pizza? There is a dominoes right next door, if you have a coupon code that'd be helpful too! 
I could really use a pizza right now. [Request]
My hours at work got cut which has put me into a financial bind. I'm looking for other work, but right now I don't have a lot of money. On top of that, I recently found out my grandpa's health is deteriorating, which just adds to the stress of everything. I'm just one 22 year old guy, but I'm really tired and stressed out, and could use some delicious pizza to temporarily ease my woes. I have some strong job prospects coming up, and as soon as my money isn't so tight, I will absolutely pay it forward. 
Request-hungry family of 5 and paycheckwon't be in til monday.
I hate banks, because of a glitch in the banks system my check n't be in til monday,"cross my fingers." the problem is that I have a wife and 3 kids who were counting on that check as well as myself. now, we are not only going to be late for rent, our electricity may get shut off as well as we are past due, we only have some ramen noodles and popcycles for dinner.we were counting on my check to get groceries, and as you can see, that is out of the picture. it doesn't help neither of us have fa,ily members here, so we can't even borrow. so if anyone out there can help, we would appriate it. I am not sure how this works, so I wil include my email as well, it is staglord01@yahoo.com. feel free to contact me, and my family would appreiate any help right now, it will be payed forward next week. thanx for listening.
[Request] Swedish guy that wants to omnom some pizza
Just a normal guy here that is low on cash (no more then $30 to last me the rest of the month) and is craving some pizza.

Since I'm in Sweden it might be a bit tricky but I do have a paypal account. I've been thinking about buying someone a pizza here for a while and I'll be sure to return the favor as soon as I get my paycheck :).

Cheers guys.
[REQUEST] separated from the military in august, in between jobs. Could really use a bite to eat.
I'm not complaining or anything, I'm sure I'll get back on my feet soon, but as it is I'm broke as a joke (-95.47 in the bank), couch surfing, and hungry as hell. I could really use something to keep me from losing it here.
[REQUEST] Virginia Beach...The four of us ran the Rock N Roll Half Marathon
We finished our first half marathon this morning. In too much pain to get food. Delivery PLEASE!
[Request] S/O and I have a Norwegian friend visiting us in grad school and pretty light funds. Not starving, but not buying her the american pizza experience either.
Not a charity case, but we would sure like a pizza!
[request] Syracuse, NY.  Need to get through the next 9 days with $12 for food and gas...
My next paycheck wont come til friday the 16th.  Until then I have exactly $12.88 in my account to get gas to get me to work and food.  A pizza could easily feed me for 3+ days :)  I had an unexpected illness which left me out of work for some time and my job does not compensate for sick time.  Anyone willing to help a guy out?  I will be sure to pay it forward when I get back on my feet financially!
[Request] Just having a bad week
I've been emotionally rocky the last few days.  Being around people has been very upsetting to me the last few days, I just got off work about an hour and a half ago and had to immediately find a quiet spot outside to break down for half an hour.  I'm sure this is just stress, I moved/graduated/got a new job recently and don't have any close friends in my new area yet (besides a college friend who thankfully moved to this area too).

I'm taking the night off to stay in and heal.  It would be awesome to be able to nibble on a pizza while doing so.  Promise I'll pay it forward in the near future.
[Request] for a pizza (duh)
My friends seem to doubt that this sub actually serves its purpose.

Prove it to me. PM me if interested. Also, I would love to kick back with a pizza and an Izze tonight.
[Request][US, IL] My current plans for my feast to watch the Blackhawks win the Stanley Cup consists of Ramen and frozen veggies. Would love a warm pie!
Like the title says, I plan on eating some ramen and frozen veggies, but a nice pizza would be great. Papa johns is close by, but I don't think either of the other big companies can deliver. 
[REQUEST] This has been the worst day of my life, A pizza would be a nice band-aid. St Pete, FL
I cant pay my bills, much less pay for food. Ive been eating Thanksgiving leftovers everyday, which is pretty good eating. At least its not Ramen noodles or toast everyday. But I feel the cheezyness could raise my spirits enough to get thru the rest of the year.

The favor would surely be forwarded when I get back up on my feet.

Luvs ya, fellow Redditors.
[Request] No Money Left To Our Names... Needing Dinner Ready For Fiancée To Come Home To From Work...Please Help If You Can!
My fiancée is very hungry. She has had a really bad day at work. I want to be able to have something for her to be able to come home to that's good to eat, and be able to cheer her up. We're both beyond broke and no food left in our house.  

We won't get paid again for another two weeks. We both work part time and living paycheck to paycheck right now. Trying to get back on track with our bills after I'd been out of work for close to two months. I'm hoping to be getting a second job as soon as I can get the call back to start. Catching up on our bills has left us completely broke. 

I was wanting to try to get us a large pizza. Her favorite is Meat Lovers, but we'd greatly appreciate any kind. We live in Kentucky. As soon as we can get back on our feet, I promise to pay this forward and help someone that is in the same dire straits that we are currently going through. 

  
[Request] CA- Make 19 first graders happy!
I work with FIrst Graders at an after school program- this week I would like to give them a little thanksgiving party, I just don't have the funds to do anything substantial food-wise.
 Anyhow, I would love to teach the kids about random acts of pizza and give them something to really be grateful for. I am happy to share a verification code. 
Request
I wil draw you something for a pizza.

I will sing. 


I will try and make you laugh.

Help you on a homework question.  



(Im horrible at all of these things.)
[REQUEST] Depressed Californian Locked in his room looking for dinner ):
Having a very bad week and I have no dinner to eat. 

Thanks if you do!
[Request] Long time lurker, plenty of sob stories but none that need to be shared. I know it's hard to get a pizza randomly but I can do things that many people might be afraid to do. I'm hoping for a slice.
Just a friend looking for a bite to eat and wear a smile for the rest of the day. I live in Canada if that's also needed!
(request) Family wanting some pizza please
Hi we are a family of 3 in louisville ky mom dad and we have a 6 yr old daughter.We are low on food and dont get paid till tomorrow could anyone please help us with some pizza for dinner we are hungry thanks
[Request] Richmond, VA. Just paid rent, now I'm out of money and hungry!
Hey guys, I just paid my rent here in Richmond. I have maybe 2 to 3 dollars left in my account? I haven't had a nice hot pepperoni pizza in awhile (besides those cheap mini frozen ones)! Also, just found out this morning that our Internet cut out because of the wiring in our building? But I still had to pay the bill for that last week despite complains of no service. Anyway, just looking for some kindness of random pizza!
[REQUEST] First time requester. Would like a pizza. Will repay when possible.
So this is my first [REQUEST] thread that I've made. It's just me and my girlfriend, both poor college students, wanting a pizza. I have posted to offers before, but never received. I will definitely be a giver when it is possible for me, but right now I'm waiting on paychecks in the mail and have no means of getting pizza for us.

If anyone would like pictures of us, we'll be glad to provide. Also, if there is anything you'd like to ask me, ask away. I'm open to just about any questions.

Thanks RAoP'ers!
[Request] Central Massachusetts, have $2 to my name until Thursday, very hungry :/
so, my brother and his g/f just moved out of our apartment a couple weeks ago, and it's been great having the place to myself until i can get a new roommate... unfortunately, it's left me also having to pay rent and bills entirely on my own.. which, as of this week, has left me with $2 in my bank account, no more food in my fridge, and a really big appetite, since i've had (literally) nothing but ramen for the last two days.

i would really appreciate any help, and if this works out, when i get paid on Thursday, i'll make an [Offer] thread to try and pay it forward.

thanks in advance!!
[Request] Homeless student in need of food to hold him over for a bit
Hey, I don't normally do this kind of thing, but it would really help me right now. I have found myself to be recently homeless with no food or money, and being that I am hypoglycemic, I probably should do something about it. If anyone could send me a pizza, I could make it last me several days and it would keep my glucose levels at least somewhat stable. This is a temporary situation and I intend to get back onto my feet, but for now I am in need of any kind of help I can get. I would greatly appreciate it.
[REQUEST] We're running out of boxes of spaghetti to eat :(
So here is my family's story: girl meets boy, they fall in love, get married, have teh cutest baby in the world! Somewhere along that path girl starts working for scumbag corporation. When it comes time for maternity leave as the lil' redditor is close to being born, scumbag corporation says 'don't worry, all of your benefits will continue, you'll get paid leave, have fun with teh baby cuddles.' 

Well, we really wish it had worked out like that :( I took a full 12 week leave, as available to me thanks to FMLA. 7 Weeks were paid thanks to short term disability, but my company made me wait 3 weeks to get that money, which sucked. My insurance and all of my benefits got cancelled while I was on leave, even though I was assured they'd continue. When I got back to work two weeks ago I fought tooth and nail to get them back, but my benefits department is making me pay out of pocket for the premiums from the time I was on leave and the benefits got cancelled. That adds up to $200 a week... multiplied by 12! They are automatically deducting the payments from my paychecks for the next 4 weeks, after already doing so for my last two checks. They are leaving me with so little in my checks that we've had to dig deeply into our savings just to start paying our bills, and unfortunately we've had to give up grocery shopping until my premiums are caught up and scumbag corporation takes them back over. 

Luckily our adorable son gets all he needs from me, so my husband and I are just living off of what's in our pantry, and that has been box after box of pasta. We'd kill for something with flavor at this point, and a pizza sounds like heaven. As soon as we get caught up financially, which according to my strict budget won't be until late November, I plan on doing the same for another redditor in need! 

tl,dr; My company is basically making me pay for my maternity leave after the fact, to the sum of $2400. We can't afford groceries because of this right now and would just love one night where we can have the luxury of a pizza. Thanks!
Request: Hungry in Madison, WI. Can someone please help? 
I'm not due to go back to my job until next week. I've been off for hand surgery. I'm broke, my temporary food stamps have run out until the 10th, and my parents can't put $20 into my account until the bank re-opens Tuesday (Monday is a bank holiday). Can someone please help?

Also, this account is a throwaway. I'm embarrassed and I don't want my friends to see. I will be happy to give you my other user name and PM you from that account for proof. Thanks for reading. 
[Request] Cousin screwed me over (accidentally) and cost me the last of my money for the week.
My cousin about a week ago tried to change my oil in exchange for letting him use my car to drive to work. Since MN has pretty good Metro Transit, I use that to get to and from class every day.

Cue Friday when I finally had to use my car. Oil light is on. Check the oil. THERE IS NO OIL. He messed up the oil filter and everything leaked out. Had to spend the only money I had left (until tomorrow) fixing it.  Could use a Pizza tonight. My other option is to use the couple bucks i have to buy McDonalds, but then not be able to take metro transit and therefore miss class. 

Let me know if you want to help out! I will definitely pay it forward next week. :)
[Request] N. California, 2 young men who love pizza.
I hope I did everything right. My deal is no better or worse than most people here. I live in a decent place with a room mate, both jobless at the moment and going to school. Both on food stamps. I have a 2 1/2 year old daughter that most of my EBT goes to, which is fine. Problem is both of our cards are empty but mine gets refilled in a week. I have exactly one cup of noodles left, half a bag of pork rhines, a full jug of apple juice and possibly 3 sandwiches worth of bread for peanut butter and jelly. Honestly, we don't eat much. If one of you was so kind as to offer even one pizza, it would be very appreciated. I'll take a picture, thank you, anything. Thanks for considering.
[Request] a pizza ,, help?? get me a  E- giftcard or something please... North Jersey..Passaic County
well i decided to ask one of my friends, and he was nice enough to get me pIzza tonight :)

I could still use an E-card though, i ate all of the Domino's artisian with spiniach and feta yumm.. 
but that or pizza hut one is good for me. 


[REQUEST] The 2 1/2 month old is eating but we are not!
I'm 23 years old. My husband is 20. We live in Ohio right now and I DO work but it's barely paying the rent. We applied for food assistance just until we can get on our feet but they said it can take up to 30 days just for a decision. My husband can't work right now and I'm trying so desperately to find work on the side to feed us and pay for his immigration. See, me and my hubby met online in a Dragonball Z chatroom when we were young teenagers and we fell in love. He is Canadian and anyone out there who fell in love with someone in another country understands that it's an expensive process. We're both depressed. Me because I can't do more. And him because he can't work and support his family. We're making progress but slowly. We also have a 2 1/2 month old son. He is eating (and quite well if I were to be honest.. He's a little chow hound!) We've been living on Ramen Noodles and those cheap 99.9 percent water meats and bread. We don't even have ketchup or mustard anymore. The pepper is gone, the salt is almost there. Will take a picture of our fridge and cupboard if desired. We don't even have a tree and ZERO family in the area. I would probably start crying if someone actually helped.. I'm tearing up now lol.. Anyways that's our story. Would totally appreciate it and god bless you all anyways.
[REQUEST] No food, no car, and an empty apartment building...
So, I'm apartment sitting for a friend of mine, in College Park MD, and since it's summer, the college-apartments are pretty much empty. And I'm broke, with no car, so I can't buy food and even if I could I'd have no way to get there. r/raop, can you help?
[Request] Having a depressing month, would be grateful if someone sent me pizza so I can eat something other than rice and spaghetti 
Throwaway for obvious reasons.

I have been having such a terrible month. My parents don't do anything, they don't clean, they don't cook, they just yell and yell. I've always put on a plastic smile, but something snapped. I ended up crying to my friends house in the rain, and I was taken to the hospital.

I ended up staying at the psych ward for nine days, the doctors wanted to keep an eye on me. They prescribed some anti depressants, but my parents refused, saying that they don't think the medicine will work!

Now I came back to my house, nothing really changed. The only thing we eat is the food my brother and I cook, rice and spaghetti, and the terrible foods my mom gets from the restaurant she works at.

I'm not begging for a pizza, but I really would like one? I'll try to pay back if I can, I just need some comfort food, I haven't had any pizza for a long time, and it would really help me cope with all of this. 
[Request] OK- mama stuck at home with the baby; would love some pizza for lunch!
Fiance took the car seat base, so we have no way of leaving our apartment today. Since we're stuck, it'd be nice to get a decent lunch delivered. Thanks for considering us!
[Request] Pizza in Sacramento! The long campaign of SEA troll-slaying is over, tonight my family would FEAST!
Mom, dad, and young son, far too lazy and far too far away from a pizza joint, request pie.

Here We stayed, 'cuz I tolja so! URBS INDOMITA!
[request] Bellevue, Ohio: Disabled brother and 5 kids could use a smile
I just have no money at all to help them but they could really use an unexpected happy moment! We have rice and beans and will not starve,but the kids honestly hate the same meal again and again. I will have the oppurtunity to pass the pizza along in a couple weeks when things have grown more stable here. Not sure how exactly to verify as I have no camera but please feel free to message me!
[Request] Spent the last of my money paying the Veterinarian for my Kitten, no food for the rest of the week 
Hey guys, I just got back from the vet after my kitten had an accident, poor guy broke his paw. I don't earn much and scrap by every week with my food budget and the veterinarian bill really set me back this week. If someone here could help me out it would really put my mind at ease. Thanks for reading, here's a pic of the little [guy](http://imgur.com/nzE6x)

Made a thank you thread [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/comments/vet5r/thanks_the_jury_is_out_for_being_an_awesome_person/) :)
[Request] Broke as a joke, and it's only Monday...
Well today sucked. Hardcore. It seemed like everyone was in a super bad mood, and I was the only positive person... Got a lot of hate today. I'm also broke, and not getting paid tell the end of the week, and like I said, its only Monday. Anyone want to cheer me up?
[REQUEST] No money, no food for my family... I would be forever grateful if someone could help us tonight.
Hi there. I am in the West Palm Beach, FL area. My family is struggling severely. We have gotten to the point that we need to go to a food bank tomorrow to be able to feed myself, my husband, my disabled sister and my toddler. I would literally be forever grateful if someone would be kind enough to give us a helpful hand to get through tonight. We are out of options.

Thank you so much...
[REQUEST] No sob story, just craving a pizza. Elkin, North Carolina
Haven't had pizza in a while
[REQUEST] Helping my friends save some dough by sending them some dough...
PM me if you are interested in helping me send my good friend and her girlfriend a delicious pizza pie. They both work minimum wage jobs, go to school and pay their own rent in NYC...just like a ton of other college kids out there. I just wanted to send some pizza love their way so they won't have to spend any more money than they already do....
Thanks all!
[request] just want to celebrate my new job. 
I haven't had a job in a about a year and it has put a strain on my relishionship with my long time GF. It also put us i a lot of debt. Along with losing our house. I just got a job that will fix most of the problems, and we wanted to celebrate.


Waxahachie, tx
[request] hungry and broke some pizza would be nice
broke till i get paid next friday would really love some pizza right now
[Request] 3 hungry and poor college students. Will return the favor in the future :)
We have no plans or money tonight and would really appreciate some pizza right now. Thanks RAoP :)
[REQUEST] Vancouver Canada - Starting a new job on Monday, could use something to eat
Hello fellow redditors,

I lost my job earlier this month, and my pockets are near empty. I'm fortunate to have landed a decent job, but my stomach is grumbling and I'm almost out of bread. It isn't a completely desperate situation, but if anyone is willing to help me out I couldn't thank them enough. I could send you a small painting or sculpture when I'm able to cover shipping and all that, if that interests you.

Thanks for reading
[Request] Was wondering if anyone had any working coupons for Domino's?
I wanted to get some pizza for my wife and I, we've had a ruff work week and I wanted to get this coming week started right. 

Thanks

Verification: OvbIeg5FlQ6A
[Request] Going to be completely honest. 
My family wants a pizza. My husband, My 3 yr old daughter and I are really craving a pizza right now. We don't have the money to get it and we are living on low income. I'm not giving anyone here a sob story. There's no point. It's not going to help my situation anymore or less if people know my whole life story. Like I said, I am just going to be COMPLETELY HONEST. We are all CRAVING A PIZZA :) We have a papa johns around here, We love pepperoni and their little cups of garlic sauce!!

:) Want something in return? A Drawing, Poem, Song, ?!
[request]Long week with our cat Tula-Kansas
I know sappy stories are sometimes made-up or used to take advantage of people.  I hate to admit it, but this sappy story is true.  Today, my wife and I lost our youngest cat Tula to liver failure (that is assumed, waiting on the official results).  We rescued her 2 years ago after a fox attack her in the wild.  The vet was going to put her asleep , but my wife, the lover of most living creatures convinced me to take her in.

This week she refused food and eventually last evening passed away.  My wife did get to see her Thursday, but she looked "vacant".  We both agreed we would donate her to the local university for them to perform the autopsy and possibly see what caused her liver to fail.

I am asking for her for some pizza from the reddit community.  This is really for my wife because of the attachment that she had with her.  I can provide verification of Tula and the autopsy (when we get it).  But Pizza and bread sticks would cheer up my wife.

Thanks for at least reading this.  I will pay it forward sometime soon down the road.  

*
[Request] Unemployed recent college grad in Los Angeles 
I recently graduated from UC San Diego with a BA in theater and now I'm trying to break into the industry in LA. I've been here for 6 months now and have had some luck with odd jobs, but no steady work. A pizza for my GF and I would be greatly appreciated.
[REQUEST]  something to get me by for a few days
  Just looking to add a little food to the fridge in the form of leftovers.  I deleted a request because I requested a few times over a few days, unsuccessfully.  I should have planned for this, but I didnt and now I dont know where to turn for help.  I am in the process of finding assistance from an agency of some sort. I have never been in this position before, I am trying to adjust as best I can.
[Request] England, no sob story, just want some pizza in our bellies.
This is for me &amp; the wife. I'll pass (play?) it forward on payday (20/9) too.
Thanks for swinging by.
[Request] I have $10 till I get paid on Friday and would love a pizza right now.
I got off work an hour ago and all I've had since Thursday is pasta. That ten is for gas. Would really love some cheesy deliciousness.
[Request AND offer!]
Hey guys! I've been craving pizza lately, and have enough money to buy for myself but I figured in the spirit of RAOP, I need to give back. So here's the idea I'd like to pitch:

I'm willing to send cookies (of your choice!! although I've been keen on making some bacon choco chip ones lately) to the sender of my pizza, and another random person (or maybe 2. or 3. probably from [/r/RandomActs Of Cookies](http://www.reddit.com/r/RandomActsOfCookies/)). I've also got some ideas on how to send cupcakes that I'd like to try as well. I'm a pretty damn good baker so I hope this attempt of "paying it forward" is sufficient. 
I should also mention I'm in B.C., but willing to ship anywhere! 
(REQUEST) U.S.  I guess I don't have a sad story...
Nope, no sad story, I'm just looking for a pie.  
[REQUEST] A Pizzah in Toronto :]
Just finished the last of my exams recently and while looking for full time employment could use some pizza :] . 

Made a throw away account so friends and family don't realize how broke I am atm but I am willing to provide my real account via pm. Of course I shall repay the favor to the person or just put up a contest later on for a pizza once I begin working again :]. 

Anything is appreciated. Thank you for your time 
[Request] Trying to pull together something for dinner for a friend , my mom and my little sister. Marysville Washington.
Title pretty much says it all. I'd like not to disappoint them, so I was hoping someone could help. I can pay it back later next month.
[Request]Broke london student rationing 2 tuna cans over 4 days
I am a longtime lurker and have made people into redditors
I plan on keeping this account as the name is exactly how I've feelt the past 4 years 
I have just finished an exam(A level's) and have spent all my money on a travelcard for the week (more exams on tuesday and thursday).
I live alone and do not get any money until friday(part time bar work).
All i have left to eat is 2 cans of tuna, I would be willing to sell my soul(I dont have anything else to sell) for food.
I would be willing to send proof (contract for soul,internet bank statement,two cans of tuna)
Somebody please help me.
I know its random acts of pizza but i wouldn't mind even if it was 4 grocery items (cheaper than a pizza in total)(2 more cans of tuna and sweetcorn and mayo)

[edit] made redditors -&gt;made people into redditors

[edit2] would not care if food is not pizza
[REQUEST] kansas  - newly engaged wanting a pizza for the fiancee spent this weeks pay on the ring.
i spent the weeks pay on a engagement ring for my fiancee and would love to treat her to dinner after my proposal. am willing to pay back on my next paycheck. can someone please make our magical night perfect.
[request] Selden, NY - Phone is lost. sadface 
Buy me a cheese pizza?
[Request] Not starving, broke or homeless. Just curious.
Basically just heard about this sub from a friend and the idea kinda blew my mind. "Who the hell gives out free pizza to complete strangers?" might have been my exact response.

There is literally nothing wrong with me or my living conditions except my roommate wanted to keep his TV on all of last night at what I can only assume was max volume. After like 30 minutes of trying to sleep, I got up to turn it off and he was already asleep. I gave him a look that said, "Really, bro?" but he obviously didn't pick up on it. He then woke up again at some point, turned it on again and promptly went back to sleep. I slept in for my first class. But he's a really nice guy otherwise, probably.

So yeah, I'm here in Buffalo, NY and there is literally nothing wrong with my life except that I'm in Buffalo, NY. But I would definitely appreciate a random pizza nonetheless. 
[Request] No sob story here.
Hey redditors. I'm going to be hanging out with a couple of friends tonight and watching a movie. I've been off work sick for a while now and don't really have the spare cash for pizza currently. I'm not really struggling or starving. I just like pizza and haven't had any in a while. I would enjoy it greatly. 
[Request] Austin, Tx, student, broke and craving pizza
haha true. culinary student with a pretty sad looking fridge at the moment, could use some pizza in a temporary time of need!
(request) broke college student who loves pizza
hello Random acts of pizza! im a poor college student and just came across this subreddit, im going to valencia community college near UCF in orlando and i was hoping to eat a warm pizza tonight. Theres not much in my pantry, a couple boxes of ramen and thats about it.

I was a video game tester for 3 years for Electronic Arts but got laid off 7-8 months ago and havent been able to find a job since. If you have any questions about being a video game tester id be happy to answer them for you, i know it interests a lot of people

thank you in advance!
[Request]Famished (Florida)
I made a request yesterday and sadly I got no response. Unfortunately I am still out of food and was hoping today I would have better luck. Here is the original thread I started http://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/comments/i6oek/requestran_out_of_food_please_help/

Any help would be awesome. 
[Request]KS. Still waiting for unemployment to come through, had to pawn our stuff for bills and still don't have enough money for food.
Things have been hard. My wife and I worked for the same company and both got laid off about a month ago. Our unemployment still hasn't been approved and today we had to pawn our TV, game system and guitars so that we could pay bills. After putting gas in the car we don't even have enough left for some food. A pizza or two would help lift our spirits.
[REQUEST] In between eviction and finding a new place, could really use your help! (San Diego)
Got evicted a few weeks ago due to my dad and I (we're roomates) falling upon difficult financial times. Thanks to the generosity of some friends, I've had a place to stay for the last 2 weeks.

However, things are getting really tight as I wait for my next paycheck to be deposited (the 5th). I already feel overextended with the friends who have been lodging me, and would prefer not to have to ask them for money/food as well.

If there are any redditors out there who are in a position to help, I would be extremely grateful and will do my best to reciprocate the favor. A pizza will most definitely get me through to my next paycheck and keep me afloat. Verification code / address / pics / anything else you want available upon request!

I'm very grateful to even have a place to ask for help, so thank you very, very much. 

-Nick

*EDIT: I deleted my initial post because of some formatting errors (no request tag or location)*
[Request] Just found out wife is preggers! ah~
Edit: adding location / California 
 [REQUEST] Rough weekend. Low on funds until payday. Could use a pizza.
I've got some food to hold me over until friday if I'm creative w/ my meals but I've only got $10 in my wallet and anything left in the bank is going in my tank to get to work. I've had a rough weekend and I could use a pizza tonight. I'll pay it forward on payday.
[Request]At a [5] and feeling the munchies, a pizza would be nice.
Pretty much what the title says. Felt a little stress from the weekend (relationship problems), so I decided to unwind a little bit with some weed. Now I'm feeling the munchies and I realize that I've got no food in the house, and I'm not okay to drive to go out and get money or anything. A pizza would be very appreciated. Located on the East Coast of the US, thanks for your time. Any Ents here?
[Request] Just for fun, help turn my lackluster day around
Just thought I'd give this a shot and see how it works. I live out near Boston, MA. I am a little sick of sustaining myself on ramen and pasta though so some pizza would be an amazing treat.
[REQUEST] Need Help
My two roommates and I are out of food and money until Friday. We have been eating bread with ketchup the past two days and are finally out of bread. ANYTHING would be appreciated. 
[Request] Everything is going down hill and I'd like to eat tonight. -Cincinnati- 
My husband is an ice cream man making 25% commission. I'm currently jobless waiting to hear back from a temp service. My husband works his ass off for free pretty much, because he cannot find a job not even through the three temp services in our area. When he first started this job he was making amazing money. But things slowed down extremely. He went from bringing home $100-$200 a night to $15 or less a day. He also has to pay for gas which is $15 a day. So as you can see he's not making money at all right now.
    The only reason why he is staying with this job, is because the owner is making him co-owner next year and also letting him stock vending machines so he'll be making two salaries. So my husband is trying to keep whats best for our future in mind. 
  However I'm in starvation mode, I've lost 4 pounds in one week due to not eating. I've been snacking around the pieces of moldy bread, hoping for my husband to have a good day and hoping I hear back from the temp service that is suppose to be contacting me back.. I just called my husband and he's only at $60 (he makes 25% of that, which will be used for gas ) and he's going to be heading back to the shop in 20 minutes. So it's another bad day. My stomach is killing me. It would mean everything if someone could help out.
     I'm posting from an alternative account because I communicate with far away friends and I don't really want people to know how much we're failing right now. I wont hesitate to give proof, My username, pictures of my cabinets and refrigerator, Facebook name, etc. I'm just extremely hungry, it feels like everything is just crashing down and it sucks.
[Request] I will do anything for food.
I am very starving at the moment and i have nothing to eat i am willing to do anything for food, Please help.

I live in Salem, NH
(Request) - Austin, TX - I'm sick and broke, but I'm hungry - a hot pizza would help some!
I'd really appreciate it :).. I have $3 for 2 weeks.  There is a Pizza Hut very close by me, but I'm not picky :)
[Request] Pizza for an Oregon college student
I am a college student at oregon state university, and I am studying all day for my  finals this coming week. A hot pizza pie would make my day because there is no better food to study with. I do have some food in my fridge so I am in no way in danger of starving without this pizza, but it would brighten my otherwise dull next couple of days of pure study. I would be sure to pay it forward after my finals and when  I have extra cash I can spend.

Thanks for reading Reddit :)
[Request] lakewood colorado.
Am hungry and would love a pizza, been unemployed for over a year, barely make rent and necessities. Cannot afford a luxury item like pizza, but would love one.
[Request] just worked 13 hours labor and broke
I just moved back to Brooklyn and slept on a living room couch for the past month. I am currently subletting an apartment but don't have a full time job. That means rent comes before food. I worked from 4pm on sunday to 6am this morning doing labor at the metropolitan museum and didn't eat during that time. Please help and when I am capable I will pay it forward. Thanks.
[request] sick at home today losing out on pay at work. 
Been fending off this bug for about a week and it has finally caught up to me. So I am at home, feeling crummy and losing money. Don't have the energy to cook and would be eternally grateful for a pie. 
[Request] Midnight pizza?
So yeah. I'm starving and it's midnight.
I don't have a sad story. I just want me some pizza.
Preferably a Jet's eCard.
I'd appreciate it if you did sent it to me :D
[Request] Very broke, Very hungry... prease?
     My girlfriend and I are both in college, and we're having issues coming up with rent this month, which in turn means we have no food in our pantry.  I have a Mid-Term I'm currently studying for tonight, and she has been having issues finding a job in our small town for two months now.

We're located in Flagstaff AZ

     We'll do just about anything for savory, delicious pizza, so be creative and have fun with us... we're yours for a price!
[request] no family, or friends this year for thanksgiving
Moved to CA, it's hard out here, looking for work, planning on ramen tomorrow for thanksgiving because it's all I have currently.  Roomate drank all my milk so it's Water for me!

I live with a sociopath downstairs that refuses all human contact, an elderly lady that is the owner of the house is going with family.  I came to the west coast to chase my childhood dream of becoming a Game Designer! I posses a B.S. in game development from brown college in MN where I overpaid for it.  I am currently relying on IT contracts that are very slow coming through and honestly I was not prepared for bus transfers costin $6.00 per ride from here to the nearest metropolitan city.  

I know three people out here, the mountains are beautiful, the ocean is breathtaking, and the way people smoke marijuana in the streets free of law enforcement harassment is still a bit of a culture shock for me to see.  

I don't expect a pizza, because every post I make on reddit i get a cynical post right away and a dozen downvotes.  but if somebody reads this and knows what it feels like to be alone on thanksgiving i'll feel accomplished i guess.  

EDIT: to replace text with "the west coast"
[Request] Minnesota. life sucks :(
I'm just having the greatest of days. My phone's been shut off due to lack of payment, I ran out of gas on the way home from work today, been working for the last 6 days and I still don't get paid until Friday. Looking at the last two bricks of ramen that I have left makes my heart sink. Could anyone make my heart soar again? I would be willing to pay forward a pie after pay day 7/1/11
[REQUEST] STARVING MUSICIANS IN OHIO WOULD LOVE YOU FOR A PIE
Hey guys, my roommate/partner in rhymes lost his job yesterday and I've been unable to find work for months.  We've no money (at all) for at least another few days and we're down to three potatoes.  These boys are heavily craving some za to break the monotony and lift our spirits a bit.
Thanks in advance to anyone wishing to send some good karma our way!
{Request} Orlando, Fl-bit down on my luck.
Recently I lost my job, so money has been a bit tight. The other day, my crappy car overheated and blew my gasket. So yesterday I had to put all my money towards a new car, and now I'm too poor for food really. I know this is my first post here, but it's worth a shot haha.
[request] help me ring in 21?
Today is my birthday and I would love - more than anything - to have some pizza with my friends. I go to the University of Texas at Arlington. I don't really plan on doing much today aside from chilling and hanging out with my friends. I know that there are other people who are more deserving than me, but it's worth a shot to ask, right? Not really asking for much. Anything you can offer would be amazing. If not, at least go give someone else something! Thanks everyone!
Pizza request for Walnut, CA  (close to Covina, Diamond Bar, Rowland Heights)
A pizza tonight would be absolutely wonderful, but I'm on a beans and rice budget until I can finally find a new means of employment. I reside in Walnut, California. We have a local Pizza hut, and there's a Domino's and a Papa Johns just down the street from my place. I'll gladly accept absolutely anything, from anywhere. Even something as simple as plain cheese would be awesome. I'm a cheap date. 

This is my first time posting here, so I'm not entirely sure how this works. I'll keep tabs on my post over the course of the next hour or two in the hope it's seen by anyone willing to help. In return I can either pay it forward when I can, or order a pizza for you down the road once I'm back on my feet. Thanks in advance  :)

*Edit - I know, I know....my choices aren't exactly ideal, but alas those are the three closest options. I'm not exactly in a position to be picky, so even Domino's sounds great right now. But I don't have a preference between the three. Whatever is the cheapest still works for me. 

*Edit 2 - If you were planning on ordering a pie or two tonight and you're willing to share, I'd be happy to join you as long as it's a public setting. I'm still unsure how this all works....am I supposed to provide a phone number and an address to someone via PM? 

*Edit 3 - Well, this isn't getting any attention and my stomach is gurgling all the same, so I'm just going to scrounge for the evening. Short of a miracle in the job department I'm still going to be nearly broke tomorrow and a little while beyond, so if anyone would like to help me out another day, that would still be great. 

(REQUEST) Out of Work Mom
Just down on my luck.  I lost my job and am struggling  to make ends meet. The kids and I would love some pizza. I will also pass it along once I am on my feet. I tried this before but no luck lol  Umm dont know what else to say.  HAPPY 4th of July!  I hope this works this time, but if not I understand there are many in need and I think this board is a great idea and hope it stays around a long time. You ppl are truely nice ppl and I wish you all the best.
[Request] College student alone over break and broke.
I'm staying at college for most of winter break to work. I haven't gotten my paycheck yet because of a coworkers error in submitting timesheets. I currently have $0.03 in my bank account. I'd much rather enjoy pizza that will last a couple of days instead of ramen again. Thanks!
[request] Ontario, Canada Gluten Free pizza would settle well in my wife and I's tummies for an evening of playing "Amnesia Dark Decent"
We're not picky, as long as there's not fish on it.  I can eat like a tank, BUT I can curb my appetite - I don't want to make you go broke on a request :D.
[request] need some assistance
My son is having some friends over because he just got out of the hospital! He had to have surgery on his arm after a fall and now he is doing better, although depressed because he has to wear a cast for the rest of the summer. He is having a party to celebrate, but me and my husband don't have much money because we had to spend a lot for the surgery. (thank you obama). If someone could please send us an egift card that could feed 7 kids and 4 adults we would be very appreciative. Thank you all for what you do on this site and god bless. I know my son will be so happy for this.
[Request]... God I wish I had a good story.
well it's my best friends birthday party at my apartment tonight and I'm too broke to get a pizza. this is worth a shot I suppose. Have a wonderful night everyone
[Request] Sick, can't leave really hungry.
I am sick today, got the cold. I just can't make it outside today and I have no money. 

*Anything will do.*

Thanks.
{Request} NC Hungry and would love some food
I have no money and would love a pizza  if anyone could help i will pay it back when i can ASAP
[REQUEST] Would love a pizza, little short till payday :(  ... WILL PAY IT FORWARD! (Charlotte, NC)
SOOOOO hungry. Broke college student at UNCC just done with finals and would love a pizza! 

I work part-time and live paycheck to paycheck for now :( 

Will pay it forward this weekend once check hits bank! 

THANKS! 
Request--Poor College Kid in need of pizza
I just started classes and got done paying over $500 for my books.  Now my fridge is empty and i would really love for the chance to get a pizza.  I always see how well you guys do when i see the posts of other redditors getting pizza, i just hope you can help me out.
[INFO]; please use [Request] and [Offer], it makes filtering the new cue easier, also, don't upvote this,just read it.

[Request] Cardiff, Wales, exhausted job hunter in need of a kind pizza
I've been job hunting for three months now, this was meant to be my first summer living away from home but it's all gone wrong, I'm exhausted and a bit scared of what's going to happen. I'm blessed to be able to do enough cash in hand jobs to keep the rent people happy but right now I'm wishing for nothing more than a disk of dough with some cheese ontop. 
Much love, good luck to any of you who might be trying to find a job in this crazy market atm. 

EDIT: No word from Gaga :( any still looking gentle anons. 

EDIT EDIT: I have no idea what "any still looking" means. 

EDIT EDIT EDIT: I lovely young gentleman has brought up the subject of my account only being two months old, this would be a good point if it weren't for the fact that more than two seconds on my account shows I have been using my account for a lot of posts etc and this is actually my first time posting on this sub.
&lt;REQUEST&gt; Special pizza's in Belgium?
Anyone mind on sending a special pizza over to Belgium? Would loooooove to try something different than the normal ham, cheese stuff... ;-)
Also, I'll keep looking out for RAOP's to help in Belgium.
[Request] Ohio USA, broke student musician in need of food. I'll write you a song/piece in return.
I ran out of money on my meal card a while back, and finished the last of my easymac/sandwich stuff yesterday. Luckily for me the term is almost over, so I only need to survive for another week. A pizza would really help lighten that burden, and I could stretch it out to last. If you send anything my way, I'd love to write you a song telling you how awesome you are and record it.

Edit: As far as my music, I do orchestral/soundtrack like stuff, and some folk and jazz.
[Request]Bills emptied my bank account, just looking for lunch and dinner today.
Not going to give a sob story, but it's been a rough year. It is however, looking up.  Just got a raise, but it wont kick in until next check. Just hoping someone could float a pizza, and the favor will be returned. Any more details or anything needed, just let me know. Thanks!
[Request] Hungry, no food at home.
So yeah, poor kid just trying to get some food, no sob story here. And there is food at home, but it's just sweet stuff, like doritos and oreos. Well maybe there is a sob story. My ex gf left me after two years, and i've been trying to cope with this, but wasted all my money on liquor, and a massage(lol) after finding out she is seeing someone else already .. after two weeks. If anything would like to help, I appreciate it, i'm from New York City. I'll do anything. I just lurk btw, trees, leagueoflegends and depression.
[request]: Maryland, baltimore county, working 80 hours a week between school and work, saving up money to see my girlfriend in the summer, haven't had food cooked for me in 2 months

[REQUEST] Kinda hungry after fasting for 5 days, love pizza.
Hey guys, I just fasted for 5 days for the Hunger Unity for East Africa fundraiser here http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=224652260904169 if you wanted to check it out.

All i had for the last 5 days is 3 V8's and a Herbal Tea (so i didn't die and kept my strength up)

Now that it's over, i'd love a fresh pizza. If someone would be so kind as to email me a card for pizza (pizza hut, dominoes or something) I'd be ever so grateful! Thanks again! Reddit on!

[request] Bare Cupboards in Austin TX
College student waiting for some eBay money to post to my account, but at the moment this is all I have left.  PLEASE DON"T MAKE ME EAT IT.

http://www.imgur.com/VAb6QLm.jpeg
[Request] sudden expenses drained money for the next week
This month has been really hard on my family and I. We have had to pay our rent, car, and gas all late because of shortened hours at work. I am the only one working right now because my wife is on maternity leave which makes money really low. I have two children who love pizza and have been affected by this unfortunate turn of events. I promise to pay forward as soon as I get more hours from work.  
[REQUEST] Brother and sister chilling together with a movie.  We'd love to add a pizza to the equation. [Eastern PA area.]
My sister is home from college break, and we're going to watch a movie together since we don't get to see each other very much. I'd be willing to trade an amateurish face removal in Photoshop for it (the higher res the picture, the better it'll be done).

I'll also send you examples of my face removals if you'd like. Imgur won't let me upload them from my phone. 
[Request] Hey folks, I could use some pizza tonight! Out of work Paramedic...
I've got my story just like everyone, I would rather tell you privately though. If you are looking for someone to send a pizza too, I would be grateful!  

I'll of course pay if forward one day when I can!
[Request] unemployed and couch surfing southern california
I have been unable to find work for a year now and take care of my uncle as he is partially disabled. My mom is the only breadwinner in the home and it's not much. If anyone would like to help us out it would be greatly appreciated and paid forward once I am able to. 
(Request) Ohio, I'll spare the sob story. Life is rough, I'm broke hungry and desperate. Can't even donate plasma for cash!
I've nothing I can sell, not even my own blood because apparently you can't do that if you have a fever. If anyone can help with a pizza, I can only promise to pay it forward when my life is less messy! Thank you so much in advance. I'm not sure how this works so pm me I guess? 
[Request] Anyone willing to make my night? Buy me a pizza and a Domino's lava cake and I will return the favor later this week for someone else. So, you can make 2 people's days!

[REQUEST] My husband, son and I are moving across the country, All of our stuff was shipped yesterday and we're broke
We are moving from TX to WA the day after tomorrow. All of our belongings were packed and shipped yesterday so we have nothing to cook with and all of our money has been spent on the movers and plane tickets. If anybody would be willing to get us a pizza it would be greatly, GREATLY appreciated!

Can provide proof If needed.
Thanks so much :)
[Request] Paid back debt to a friend now I'm too broke for pizza
Paid a buddy back, but it crushed my wallet. I could use some help guys.
(Request) Well, in short...
I don't want a pity pizza, so I'll just list one awesome thing that's happened to me today and try and have an awesome moment pizza.

Loads of bad shit happening, deportation, ect. Really sad. Find a wallet on the street. Look inside. 800$+ dollars. Decide to steal it. Few minutes later, reconsider and take it to the bus station. Lady there looks inside and see's the $800, looks at me surprised, and gives me a smile. She asks for my name, and I say "Your friendly neighborhood Normalman." She laughs and wishes me a good day.

In Quebec, Canada, so I don't know how international pizza orders work, if it can't happen, no worries. Good day c:
[Request] Random act of Pizza for my friend Danielle who is getting married tomorrow who I am staying with who is stress level MAX
I'm staying with my friend Danielle in Los Angeles (Culver City) who is getting married tomorrow, she's too stressed out to cook and is claiming too stressed out to eat. I've got $22 left to my name til I head back to Canada. Can you help me help her out with pizza?
[Request] South FL in dire need of pizza.
Microwave is broken, have no sandwich supplies. Hope and Moral is running low.
[Request] Texas preschool teacher, school just started and I would love a pizzone!
Haven't gotten paid yet and would love a pizzone instead of ramen. I am so tired from 31 kids and its so hot we cant take them outside.
(Request) Stuck on campus for a school holiday with no money and no food. Pizza would be a pleasant surprise
Long story short, its a school holiday and all I have is ramen and water. Anything would be greatly appreciated. 
[REQUEST] Oceanside, Ca. USA-  US Marine getting ready to deploy.
I will soon be going on a long deployment which I'm not aloud to discuss but willing to give some info if you ask. Just wanna eat some of the stuff America has to offer before I leave for a long time to Afganistan.
[Request] Orlando on a rainy day; would love some pizza.
I'm studying Wine for Dummies for a new job. I just paid a bunch of money for new glasses so I can actually see where I'm going now but it has left me broke. I haven't started the new job yet since I have to read this whole book before I can start. I would really really appreciate a pizza as some motivation.
[REQUEST] Broke till the 1st, then hoping to grant someone elses pizza wish
Hi, I'm new here obviously, found this through a random acts of kindness group I participate in.  My family has had a rough patch the last few months, we had some friends stay with us for what was supposed to be a couple weeks but turned into a couple months where they took advantage of us and basically left us in a really bad place financially because they broke our furniture, took almost all of our childrens toys and really didn't help pay for anything except about $600 in groceries a month when they were a family of 6 not very small people.  Needless to say though we're in the last week of the month and our kids have been troopers through all this and we'd really like to get them a special pizza treat but only have $4 to our name.  My husband and I have 2 beautiful kids a 6 year old girl and 2 year olf boy. Starting next month we'll also have my 9 year old stepson and hopefully by then we will have finished recovering financially from all this.  Thank you ahead of time and we look forward to giving the gift of Pizza to someone else who could use it or needs it on the first. We are in Colorado.
[request] Healthy food? Fuck that.
Now, I'm not a poor guy. My family makes money, we live well.
However.
My family has recently been on a healthy food kick. I'm all for eating healthy, but I like to indulge every once in a while. They're not a fan of doing that. I'd go to the store and get something, but whoops no license. I'd order a pizza, but I have about ten bucks to my name and I have plans for that money. So just PM me if you want to send a pizza to a guy in central Florida. 
[Request] NY Broke, hungry but had my first AA meeting today
Hey all, just want to tell someone about my breakthrough. I had a drinking problem for a long time and decided to do something about it. Today I had my first meeting and it really helped talking about it. I'm kind of in a bad place right now financially and quitting the booze is the best thing right now. If anyone could help out with some pizza I would really appreciate helping me take my mind off the booze and money problem. Thanks all.

Thanks to Gary for helping me through this tough time. It really made my day brighter.
http://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/comments/uizl6/thanks_garyj73167_for_being_an_awesome_guy_and/
[REQUEST] Athens, GA. I'm a photographer. Taking a through session and working two jobs to pay for it all. 
I am getting ready for all my portfolio reviews coming up, and studying for History. I'm super hungry and totally broke. I'd love a slice.

If you order me a pizza I'll send you an 8x10 print of my work :]
[REQUEST] I've asked before, now I have to once again
My girlfriend and I will be broke for the next few weeks. She has a ticket to pay off, and I have to pay 1200 dollars to have my cars engine fixed (I blew 2 cylinders). After paying for this, we're essentially broke until out next payday. Just asking for a pizza for dinner tonight.Anything would be greatly appreciated.
[Request] Ottawa - econ student currently unemployed but still in the labor force
Looking for some pizza to help me with my cash issues. With the amount of time i have to dedicate to 4th year studies, i have been unable to find a job and am now literally paying for it. 
[Request] I am broke, have applied for dozens of jobs, and don't restart my job at my University until the fall. Will reciprocate in the future!
A few weeks ago my head gasket unexpectedly warped and repairs wrecked my savings for the summer. I had been prepared to remain unemployed until I return to school in the Fall, but at the moment I'm operating on a shoestring budget and scrambling for jobs. I've been able to pay my rent, utilities, and internet, and buy cheap staples like eggs and PB&amp;J stuff. Ever since I repaired my car, my boyfriend and I have been applying for jobs diligently, 5 or 6 a day, but yesterday my check engine light came on after some trouble accelerating from a stop sign. I haven't driven it again and I'm at my wits' end. I wouldn't have repaired the head gasket initially, except we don't live near enough to grocery stores where our food stamps stretch the whole month to live without a car. In the meantime...we'd just love a slice. Additionally, when I get my first paycheck in the Fall - sometime in October - I will PM you, and buy you pizza. I am a man of my word. I also plan to frequent this subreddit after every payday from now on because I honestly never thought I'd be here. Thanks, Reddit. :)

Edit: I'm in Southern Oregon. Is there something else I should include?
[REQUEST] my friend is moving all the way across the country and where hanging out for the last time. would be great if we had some pizza. 
we will love you for ever if you buy us some
[request] Stuck at work.
I limit myself to buying grocery store food and packing lunch because I can't afford eating out at work, but today it seems I'm going to be unexpectedly stuck here for another two hours or so and I didn't plan and bring dinner. The tupperware full of pasta I brought for lunch is long gone and my tummy is rumbling. Anyone willing to help me out with something to tide me over?

I'd be happy to share with the other research assistants who are stuck here, too. They look a little worn and would love the surprise, I'm sure.

Thanks for the consideration.
[Request] Aurora, CO 80017 - Really craving a pizza!
I am having crazy pizza pangs right now. However, between me and getting pizza are some annoying circumstances! I am not picky about what kind of pizza. So if anyone could please help me fill this crazy craving my belly is torturing me with, I'll forever be grateful, and I will be sure to pay it forward as soon as I'm able! 

(request)a pizza lover who can't afford pizza, would love a pizza tonight.


[request] Melbourne Australia to poor to eat
unemployed, not eating tonight, thought id at least try.
Really looking for some genorosity in metropolis, IL [request]
Thank you for taking time to read my post all the money my family has at the moment has gone towards the things I need for college while I wait for my financial aid check. I really expected to get it today but I didn't so now my family And I have no money to eat. I can pay someone back or pay it forward or both as soon as I get my check.
[Request] Hungry college student that just broke up with his GF of 3.5 years needs something to make my week. (VA)
Bad night last night led to a break up with my, now ex, girlfriend.  Been with her for 3.5 years.  Feeling really down and would love somebody to make me feel better.

First time posting here.  Let's see what happens.

In Richmond, VA.
[REQUEST] (UK) Last exam for the year is coming up, could really do with a nice pizza.
Stupid student here at the end of exam period has spent all his student loan and would love to have a meal other than tesco own brand noodles (15p gotta love em).

Would really help with  revising for my computer science compiler exam and will pay it forward when I'm working this summer :D Thanks in advance.
[Request] Michigan USA (Requester in New Jersey USA) - Pizza for a friend, help cheer them up!
A friend of mine is feeling depressed. Unfortunately, I'm a few states away, so I can't offer hugs. I thought of the next best thing: Get them a pizza!

I know, I know...Get it yourself. Thing is, both of us are on government benefits. Guess what they don't cover? (If you answered "Cooked pizza", you'd be right! They actually don't cover hot foods period.) So, since my electronic money supply is short (paypal is at $0.00, specifically) and I don't have a credit card, I decided I'd check here. Help?
[Request] busy college student has no time to cook dinner
Rent is due tomorrow morning so I'm short on cash. All I have is some frozen chicken and rice but I'm about to begin working on a paper, a prelab, and study for a midterm. I just got back from football practice(I work for the team, UMD TERPS!)

I would love to have a pizza to get me through all this work I have to do.

THanks!
[REQUEST] Denmark. Student with no money, anyone feel like feeding me?
I know it's a long shot by being in Denmark, if you want to help me you will probably need to be danish. 
Willing to post proof of any kind.
[Request] Las Vegas, NV for my sis, niece &amp; mom
I'm in Ohio. This would be a surprise for my niece since she's craving it. She's in 6th grade and busy playing PC games to escape the craziness.

Editing for info:

Google tells me its "Paradise, NV". This would have to be a delivery (personal or by pizza delivery service).

Mom moved out there to marry a millionaire. He passed away. The money's all gone. She can't physically work. She's been through a lot more than this, but this whole situation makes her feel lost. She's a trooper, though.

Sis moved out there because she needed help taking care of her daughter.

I'm in Ohio living with my boyfriend and his family as we both attempt to get (new) jobs and get into college. I moved out here when I was 22, I'm 24 now.

Mom can't pay the bills, and I'm trying to get her involved in community things. My sister applied for state assistance and is waiting for it. They have a bit of elbow pasta, ketchup and some bread. She wanted me to call my dad, so I went to reddit lol. My niece needs the ROAP, and my sister &amp; mom need to eat.
[request] BRR it's cold outside! (SF Bay)
21/m/sfbay multi year lurker first time poster!
me! -&gt; http://imgur.com/VXtY6

I'm just really hungry and I've got no money right now. Been unemployed for 6 months but just got a real great job offer at a consulting firm in berkeley. so i'd like to do something special to celebrate but i'm in the red right now.

after jan 2nd i will be employed with a well paying job and will definitely pay it forward.

I'm stoked!
[Request] cold hungry and wouldn't mind a bite.
Have recently moved to california and unsuccessful in finding work. as it is I'm in my small flat that turns out is really cold when you cant afford heating and haven't been able to buy anything to eat for 2 days, have been living off local jewish comunity who ocasionally are kind enough to give us some food, would love a pizza.

[REQUEST] In Orlando, FL on business, went broke while here
From Miami, I know not too far, but had to come to Orlando for a certification course. Put hotel money and course money up front and will be reimbursed by my company either this week or next but all the expenses broke me and I left my emergency credit card at home. Anything would help and would definitely pay it forward in the coming weeks. Thanks! 
[REQUEST] PIZZA FOR MY SON
Hello Reddit,
                 My family is small consisting of my son, my wife, and me. I was on unemployment for being laid off around a year ago but I stopped receiving it about two months now. Ive been looking for a job but since gas prices are so high money has been tight. My wife has been angry with me for not being able to find a job but I'm trying my best its just hard these days. A friend at church told me about this site so i figured id give it a try. If any one can help us out you would make my wife and son so happy. Thank you God bless. 
[Request] Logan UT USA, I just replaced a new faucet and have to go to work.
I thought I could just tighten a few screws.....ended up spending 142.00 on a new faucet.  I just got called in to work.  I would love to leave a pizza or two with my family, but the faucet and work seem to foiled my plans.
[Request] Starving musicians together before this hurricane, would love a pizza. 

[Request] Sick of Chef Boyardee...
So my family has been running on pretty much 99 cent meals for the past few months due to being a few months behind on our mortgage. 

I doubt I'm the only one here sick of the grind of ramen and Chef Boyardee grind, and I would love to surprise these guys with a pizza tonight :) Anyone willing to help out?

We're in central MA :D
[REQUEST]GA--&gt;Friends went to baseball game, I'm stuck at home doing homework on a Saturday.
I'm starving, trying to get work done, and my roommate is an asshole.
(Request) Swallowing what's left of my pride and coming open handed
I've fallen on some really, really tough times.  Work has been cutting back hours consistently, my wife has had some medical problems we've been working through and trying to pay off some old school debts.  We've been essentially wiped out, and it's getting to the point where I don't know where our next meal is coming from.

The local church has been extremely helpful, but I'd love to be able to give them a break for a night or two, maybe with the generosity of someone on here.

I know it's a lot to ask, and I know there are dozens of people looking for the same thing, but I would be immensely and forever grateful if someone would be willing and able to help us out.

 
[REQUEST] unemployed, broke, no food in house, and home alone with my sick puppy. Feed me?
Plus, my S.O. took the laptop, so I'm typing this on my kindle.
[Request]   need...foooood...
Broke college student studying for finals and I have no money to get something to eat. If there is anyone out there that would like to help a poor kid out, it would be much appreciated =D
[Request][USA] Would love to cheer up a friend
This week has been really shitty. My best friend came out a couple days ago and his parents won't talk to him. He spent Valentine's Day with me, which made me depressed. I dont think he wants to go back to his house, which I am fine with for now, but I want to help bring them all back together. Anyways, if someone can help us out with some lunch today, that would be cool,, and it may cheer him up a little.

My email address is fapfappington@gmail.com and I will PM a verification code. 
[Request] in California until Wednesday. Extremely limited budget.
So the girl I came to California with bailed leaving me to pay the entirety or the bill for the place I rented. Cutting down my already tight budget.
Anybody wanna help me out?
[Request]Sober outside Chicago
So, last night I celebrated my 89th day sober. I would like to celebrate my 90th day this evening and since I am not drinking anymore, a pie would be awesome! Ramon isn't much of a celebratory food, no matter how you josh it up. My sponsor knows my financial situation and referred me to this site last night after the meeting. This is a huge day for me, as I have been drinking heavily for 8 years and it's been extremely hard to quit but I have and perhaps there's someone who'd like to celebrate with me. God bless and Stay strong.
[Request] Pizza, only Bits &amp; Bites to eat.
The front page brought me here. I'm in a bit of a tight spot where I have to wait for my paycheck to clear...which is still two days away. I ran out of food yesterday and all I have to eat is a bag of snack size bits &amp; bites a friend gave me. I'm down to 6 packs =|

Any help is immensely appreciated.
[Request] Terminated as of 10/19/11 NY
I wake up this morning thinking I would be receiving my normal work emails, but to my surprise this was waiting in my inbox. I know work has slowed down, but I didn't think I would be getting the axe. A pizza would sure bring me up from this low blow. I am not picky, any type would be fine with me. Thank you for reading.

Sorry the link didn't show up. I'll try to repost it. [I hope this shows up](http://imgur.com/RqYGw).
{request] Wesley Chapel FL, I'm sick and am dying for a pizza.
Fever of 102 degrees and can barely leave my couch. :/ would love a pepporoni pizza. 

P.S. I hate thin crust...

EDIT: Sorry noticed typo in title....
[Request] Would love some gluten free pizza up in here!
I live in MA, I'm gluten free, and everything in my apartment that I could eat kind of sucks. I would really, really appreciate some gluten free pizza from domino's for my boyfriend and me :]. Ask me for details and whatnot, I have some other allergies as well.

Hoping to be able to regift some one of these days!
[REQUEST] Just another broke college student
I'm not really sure how this works. What I need to tell you and such. I went out of the country last year, spent all my money, moved back into my old house with my roommate. But ever since I've had the hardest time getting back on top of my money. I had 2 jobs, but I decided recently to quit one and just move back in with my parents. I've got about 2 weeks left in this house, me and my friend who also doesn't have anywhere to stay live in this room. So now all my money goes towards paying off past due bills and people I owe money too, all Ive got in the kitchen its canned soup and fruit. Which is food, but its almost worse than eating ramen everyday, like a awful liquid diet. 
But whatever, I'm not gonna complain. I thought I'd see if theres anyone who'd like to share a pizza with me and my roommate sometime? Where located in Memphis. I suppose you PM me for the rest of the details.
[REQUEST] Bank just screwed me over, was planning to buy a pizza but now I can't afford it.
My father just recently was a wealthy man with a high paying job at a bank, but because he took a loan from a client he got fired. My step-mom is jobless, filing for bankruptcy, and I work at McDonalds to have my own money. Unfortunately, I've been screwed over twice in the same day yesterday... My paycheck only clocked me for 8 hours where I deserved to be clocked 16, and the bank would absolutely not allow me to deposit or cash my check. So that leaves me without GTA V(which I had planned to buy yesterday), as well as without money in general. I had planned to buy a large pizza to share with my friends while we played GTA V but now none of that is possible. My friend brought his hard copy over to my house, and so now I request a random act of pizza be given to us. Note: This isn't a sob story, this is just a request so please don't feel guilty if you don't want to give us pizza. I have cereal. 

TL;DR Wasn't able to get GTA V or pizza, so I'm asking for a random act of pizza. Much appreciated.
[Request] My family is broke,hungry &amp; out of options kids would love pizza
Right now I am between jobs,My work decided to down size and fired a large group of people myself included.

Last week my six year old daughter began very ill she couldn't keep any of her food down,She wasn't able to talk was having breathing issues and had a fever of 102 so we took her to the hospital before she became worse. During our hospital visit we learned her tonsils were swollen and needed to be removed her throat was almost completely swollen shut, she also has a bad case of bronchitis. The hospital stay and surgery to get her tonsils removed so she could breath left us with a bill of $2736 money we don't have we are crushed we have discussed a payment plan but it will throw us off with monthly costs my wife hardly makes enough for all of our current bills.House wise we are either out of or almost out of house hold supplies and food items.

The kids and my wife would love a nice hot meal we are in walking distance to a Pizza Hut [they do take out only] a dinner deal box would be best. We have three children,my wife and myself.
[REQUEST]: NYC -- I start a new job tomorrow and I'm completely broke. I want to feel strong for my first day. Can someone help with a pizza, please? 

[REQUEST] Anyone willing to help a traveling duo stuck in Berlin, Connecticut?
I'll keep this short, but a failed transmission have put my partner and I behind close to around $1000 with repairs, hotels, and other things. We were heading to Boston, already booked, and couldn't cancel our hotel, losing us another couple hundred. While we should be able to get going again tomorrow, we are between paychecks and would really appreciate the help of anyone who is willing to help.

At this point, we are hungry, not picky at all, and hoping to repay this subreddit back when we're back in Montana. 

If you're willing to help, please let me know. I will do whatever I can to repay it to you, or on your behalf.
{Request!} Okay, I'm not to the point of starvation but, I would like a favor please my friends?
I'm just your average everyday dude, but lately I've been having a little crave for a goood pizza. If you could please grant me my request mankind, I'll forever be in your debt and sill surely lend a hand before thought! :D
[Request][DE] We're just chilling and in the mood for pizza.
My friends and I are just hanging out watching some crappy movies on Netflix. As silly as our request is, we'd just love some pizza. It'd be much appreciated.
[Request] Short North area. Columbus, OH
I went out with some friends earlier in the week and ended up lending my friend 20 bucks til he could get to an ATM. Long story short, we ended up pretty silly drunk and crashed at different houses so he never got a chance to pay me back.

I get paid tomorrow and I could definitely tough it out, but I'd love to down a few slices before I spend the night cleaning up my apartment. 


[Request] Hungry for Pizza and in general in Oberlin OH.
I'm a college student with no money or access to food for the next two days. Please help!
[Request] RetailMeNot didn't help...
I'm sitting here, working on an internet radio station I'm starting. I was searching for free pizza coupons. RetailMeNot didn't help. I was about to give up hope when I remembered that there exists a Random Acts of Pizza subreddit. If you would like to donate a pizza, I would eat that pizza with gratitude... and, if you're located in San Diego, CA, I'm looking for DJs.
[request] albuquerque - been down on life lately...never requested anything like this before
lately life just seems like there's no hope in sight...at a weird point in life. i left the girl of my dreams because my mom got sick with cancer and had to return to my hometown from living with her in japan. i get home, shit's fucked up, i can't do anything, she breaks up with me. i ended up going back to school to try and get a worthwhile degree (engineering, go figure) and thus spend all my time studying. I also have to work because i come from a fairly poor family and need to pay for an apartment close to campus (not to mention there's no room for me at any of my relative's houses). all my money goes to rent and other monthlys. i don't really have a supportive family, and the friends i thought i had in my city have left because "i'm too much of a downer." really supportive of them huh? now i just have really superficial relationships with the ones that were closest to me and i hate it...yeah, making stupid jokes is fun, but real friends should be there for each other, through anything. 

tonight i'm studying for finals and i would really enjoy some decent food. i've never asked for anything like this but maybe the universe will smile upon me today? i promise to pay it forward, i know that energy flows in a circle. i am really grateful for everything i do have and i know that i'm a million times better off than 98% of the world...but still...suffering is relative to the individual, isn't it? if you can help i will be eternally grateful to you and will do anything i can for you or for another person later on.

thanks for looking
[REQUEST] Just a family of 5 looking for something other than canned foods.
Hate to lay the sad story down thick, but can if needed. Not much of an artist, but will send a pic of three little thumbs up if we get lucky enough!
(Request) Roadtrippers in need of pizza
I just joined this site after hearing about it on the radio, and I love random acts of kindness (especially when food is involved) and was hoping to get into the circle. When I'm back home, I'm very happy to give a pizza to someone, but right now I'm not in the situation to do that.

We drove all the way from Washington, DC to Portland, OR and are heading to Seattle, WA soon. We're living off of chips and water. A warm pizza would be...awesome. Very awesome. If someone could help, I'd be super happy to have some real food after a week of nothing. Neither of us have any money to really buy more food.
[REQUEST] Pizza for Vets in the hospital.
Just an idea but I was wondering if anyone would be interested in ordering pizza's for the paralyzed veterans at the VA in ST Louis? A lot of the patients are older gentleman with no family and some of them end up staying for months or even years. I saw this reddit and recently [posted a story](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/up8ap/then_why_the_hell_did_you_give_it_to_me/c4xdiq2) about my roommate in a different sub, saw this sub and made me thank of him.

I was there for 4 months late last year and Remember the sunday dinners where the worst. If you are interested they eat dinner at 5PM CST, so if we ordered at 4PM it should arrive before they get dinner.

Jefferson Barracks SCI unit, Building 52 , St. Louis, MO 63125 

(be sure to put a note to deliver to nurses station and say it's for the vets and nurses if you want, the nurses there are pretty awesome and have a thankless job)

If anyone needs the correct numbers to call, let me know. I just thought they would be pleasantly surprised by a bunch of awesome pizza. There are usually about 18 patients but they upgraded the facility so now there are about twice that. At dinner time there are about 6-8 staff (nurses mostly). Anyways I'm going to order one for them also, I would do more but I'm broke and that's all I can afford :(

Edit: several of the nurses there are redditors, forgot to mention that :)
[Request] Don't have much but willing to trade.
Basically I had unexpected expenses this month out of money and desperate for a pizza. 

I Have a Tera account with level 48 Beserker and the account has founder status.Its not much but only thing i have right now that i can live without. Eating is much higher on my priority list right now than playing Tera.
 
If you don't want the account I will be happy to pay it forward to someone this friday when I get my paycheck.
[Request] Really baked and out of work
There's only one thing that could complete this night and with your help, we can do it
 [REQUEST] New Zealand, hungry artist will trade sketch of you for pizza?
Will draw a little torso sketch of you as a fantasy thing or your zodiac sign for pizza :-) Something along the lines of one of these (some I have done of/for friends): 

http://imgur.com/a/S6lrO
[Request] A pizza today, I'll pizza you at a later date (Roc, NY)
I've been without a job since the middle of August, so I've been living off of what's been left of my savings account. I've been living off of bagels and yogurt for the past month or so, and I really want a pizza to liven things up (and it'll feed me both tonight and tomorrow, too). As a college student who doesn't have a meal plan, this would mean a lot to me.

I'll gladly pizza you (or someone else on this subreddit, if you want) at an equal value at a later date, once I get a job and my first paycheck. I'm hearing back from an interview later this week, so it could be pretty soon that I pizza you back.

Thank you for reading, and I'd love to be able to give to this subreddit once I have money.
[Request] Tempe, AZ. Would love a Pizza.
I'm a U.S. history major that would love a pizza to help get me through this long day of studying ahead. 
[Request] Maine - Given pizzas twice, asking for one back to share with friends!
My very first post on Reddit was to give a pizza! Now I'm in an apartment with friends with nearly two feet of snow outside, and we'd love to share a big pepperoni. Unfortunately we don't have any big chains nearby, just local pizzerias, but I'm happy to verify, share silly photos, whatever you'd like.
[REQUEST] Living on top ramen for a week Santa Rosa,Ca
My girlfriend and I have been living on to ramen for about a week and a half and would really love any kind of pizza super hungry!!!!!!we used a majority of out food stamps for baby food this month and a Pizza would make us so happy Thanks for reading!
[Request] In Redding, CT. Looking for coupon (or free), can pick up.
Would appreciate anything, thanks so much.
[Request] My wife has decided that we're going vegan
I haven't eaten meat in days and I no longer feel manly. 
[Request Please] Florida, USA - pizza craving, cant blame me for trying. :)
Tried a few contests this morning. Had a blast!! Hoping someone wants to randomly offer up a pizza. If that is you, then we can be your random choice!! 
well, thats it, no dragging story to go along with it. Just home with kids and would love to feed them some pizza. Thanks for looking!!:)
[Request] Too lazy to cook dinner.
I'm not uber poor, I don't have a story to share except I'm feeling lazy as hell today.  Would love something I don't have to cook and can't remember the last time we had pizza that wasn't frozen. Any offers appreciated but if you want to give to someone else no hard feelings. 

[Here's an album of kitten just b/c.](http://imgur.com/a/uErXU)

EDIT: Forgot to add, I'm in California.
[request] Having a rough go of things, dad passed away, stressed exams, no money and no food. Anyone wanting to help a Canadian girl out with some pizza? I will definitely pay it forward
My dad passed away a couple of months ago. Since I'm in full-time school, I wasn't able to go back to work, I knew that the stress of dealing with dad being gone and school AND work would be too much. He was my best-friend, and the only one who helped me when I needed it. 
 My boyfriend has a job, which he was supposed to start 3 weeks ago, but due to the weather he's not starting until this weekend. We are completely strapped for cash, and our cupboards are bare.
 If anyone is willing to help us out, we can pay it forward with his first cheque. 
I hate asking for help, but I figure, what the hell, it's just some pizza and I'd love to pay it forward. 
-Ally

[Request] Pizza delivered in Japan for Halloween 
Dear reader,

I would really love to eat pizza on a special occasion like Halloween since I haven't eaten pizza for several months now. It might be a strange request to send a pizza to Japan but it would make me so happy. 

I found an English guide for the Japanese Pizza Hut site.
http://www.pizzahut.jp/common/pdf/menu/menu_eng.pdf 

It would really help me a lot and I wouldn't mind sending you a Japanese postcard back. (they also have pokémon postcards here)

Thank you in advance for all the trouble to be taken.
[Request] pizza in richardson
Hey guys, my buddy and I have contracted a severe case of cashlessness.  We just paid rent, and will have no money until we recieve our scholarship checks.  We'll make sure to pay it forward!
[Request] Broke student in need of some Pizza. Car currently out of commission... Thanks!
North Georgia Area here! Car was hit by a lady that ran a red light. Her husband was a cop.. Knew the cop at the scene... No witnesses stopped and i was out of luck. Im still trying to get in touch with someone that saw the wreck. Till then, i am for all intents and purposes broke till i know if i need to buy a whole new car or not...  
[Request] We are completely out of food for the month. Can anyone help us out with a pizza for today?
Hello everyone! We are a family of 4 and we are completely out of food for the rest of the month. Is there anyway at all that someone could help us out with egift card to Dominos for today? That way we can at least have something to eat today and try to figure something else out for the rest of the week. We havent had any luck coming up with anything for today. It would mean alot to us. 
[Request] East Lansing, MI. Playing beerio kart to start off spring break and some pizza would be a great compliment to the night 
We are all broke and drunk college students in dire need of nourishment. To prove the situation, I offer a picture of Hamm's Special light if requested. Only people in a situation like ours would drink this. Please, help us. We promise to pay the pizza forward in the future when we get real jobs that pay real money.
[Request] United Kingdom, just bought my first car after passing my test and well.. i'm broke
No sob story here i'm afraid folks and i'm a guy so no tales of how i'm on my own in bed wearing a tiny pair of pants (does that ever work?) I'm not really expecting anything to be honest

Just got my first car (Peugeot 106 1.1 liter!) which came to £450 and the insurance which came to £1500 for the year, i only passed my test a couple of days ago at the fourth attempt (so hang in there anyone still doing it.. So worth it!) basically i haven't got a penny to my name and i'm suffering a touch of buyers remorse but man i love driving 

Hope everyone's having a good day! If anyone's in the UK, did you hear that thunder?! Awesomeeeeee 
[REQUEST] old friend, turned meth addict, took my money and stranded me in an RV park after I offered to launch his foundation for children with arthritis
Crazy, but true. I'm stuck in the Houston, Texas area, waiting for money to hit my account again. In the meantime, this old friend, who I now can only pity, played the friendship card to feed his habit, then ran. I would so LOVE a pizza right now. Pizza can make the world right again. 

thank you!!!
[Request] Ramen tastes horrible after 50 bowls in a row
College diets are a bitch, especially if you're in that awkward summer waiting time.  I'm trying to hold out until the fall quarter starts up, but it's not easy.  The twist is, I'm not actually a redditor, I don't know the community or anything.  My boyfriend is a redditor and linked the RAOP page and suggested I try it, but I myself am not a member of the community, so I completely understand if it's like a real redditors only type of thing.  But, figured I might as well try it anyway, nothing to lose right?
[request] movie night in pittsburgh!
I'm new here and skeptical but I love pizza and I guess there's nothing to lose, so... my gf and I are gonna watch a movie tonight! Would you like to buy us a pizza? Holler @ your boy!
[Request] Austin, TX Could really use a pick-me-up
&lt;div class="sob-story"&gt;

So I've been unemployed for awhile now but doing what I need to to make things work and not trying to make it anyone else's problem, got some things going to try to help get me some kind of income going in the meantime. Went to meet someone to sell an item and ended up turning back because they messaged that their car broke down. No big deal, stuff happens. Went to HEB to get some milk and bread, basic staple stuff. Card declined. Try again. Declined again. Insert sinking feeling here. Try once more as credit. No dice. So I left empty handed. Get home and check the bank account to see what has happened, because I had at least $20 to my name. Nope. I'm now negative almost $200 due to a payment I wasn't aware was hitting today. Fantastic.

&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;

Now, I have food, it's just not anything special (ramen, pasta, rice). That said, I would much rather people more needy than I get pizza'd. But if someone felt like helping a guy not feel like he's at the bottom of a dry well, I'd be quite thankful.

&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;div class="TL;DR"&gt;

Tried to buy basic foodstuffs, bank account surprise-buttsex, feels bad man.

&lt;/div&gt;
[Request] Medium, one-topping pizza!
I'm not starving - I'm just hungry, and ramen's no longer cutting it (meat would be great, y'know?).  Direct deposit goes through at midnight, but by then, everything is closed in the area (Pizza Hut, Papa Johns and Donato's). Anyone feel like helping a couple of people out?


[Request] Panama City Fl. Multiple days ruined, would love some pepperoni in my face.
Yesterday my cousin walked in on my girlfriend and I and blue balled me. Left in anger to a friends house, came back in the morning to find my girlfriend passed out in the living room with my cousin and his gf in OUR bed, naked and asleep, where I was cut short of glory. This was after about a week and a half of not getting any at all. Now my gf and her 2 friends are at the beach and I'm home alone with nothing to do. 
[REQUEST] Cardiff Student, I've drunk away all my money and don't deserve a pizza, but am hoping someone's feeling generous?!

[request] bedbound :/
so i'm a virginian who got in a car accident 3 days ago around kings street, my family has me in bed for the next 2 days cuz of the stitches on my thighs. anybody wanna prove to my family this subreddit is legit? &lt;3
[Request] Prague, Czech Republic. 3:58am. Working on a research paper. The deadline is in 4 hours
I am not from Prague - staying here for 2 days only. The paper deadline is in 4 hours so probably I will spend some more time working on my results. In the name of high quality research, if somebody could get me pizza (and coffee) please I would really appreciate it. ***spoiler:will reveal the title of the paper to the person offering pizza ;-) Thanks in advance!
[REQUEST] My little brother and I are hungry this holiday...
I do not get paid until tuesday and my little brother and I (we live independent from our parents for personal reasons) have been living off ramen and bologna sandwiches. I feel bad for him because he is home alone with no tv or pc :/ i am at my work computer and a coworker told me about this site and thats why i have a new account. I have proof if you need it (including my negative bank account). Please any help would be appreaciated!!
[Request] Girlfriend is struggling to get a teaching job and I'd love if someone could give her a networking contact....er a slice of pizza! [NJ]
My girlfriend and I are both recent college graduates, and while my career is in very high demand (and I had no trouble finding a job), she's been struggling these last six months trying to make contacts and get her foot in the door. Unfortunately, education is taking a pounding in this economy and she has her degree in K-12 Art Education, in New Jersey. 

In the short amount of time my girlfriend doesn't spend subbing or working at her near minimum-wage job to barely make ends meet, she's cold-calling school districts and putting out resumes left and right. It would be one thing if she wasn't trying, but it pains me to see my girlfriend put in all this effort and have nothing pay off.

I would love to be able to surprise my girlfriend with some new teaching contacts, or some new leads or even some ideas of other jobs that could utilize her degree and background until a position comes up. 

I feel awkward writing this, but please, I am NOT looking for money. While I would appreciate the gesture there are more deserving posts here that could use monetary assistance. I just know how powerful and far the reach of Reddit goes, and know that everyone loves to help a guy with a novelty throwaway account! Thanks for any and all help.  
[request] wife sick, my only day off would love a pizza
Just me and the wife at home today, she is in bed sick, don't feel like cooking since its my only day off this week, would love a pizza.
[Request] Pregnant fiance and I eating ramen and mac n cheese all week, wish I could provide her with a real meal :/
Living in SD, USA. Money is really tight with my fiance and I and while we have cheap boxed dinner food it would be much appreciated to be able to offer her something more substantial to eat since she's 7 months pregnant. If anybody is feeling generous we would be eternally thankful! 

[Request] Could use a slice (Fort Campbell, KY)
US Army soldier broke and all the dining facilities are closed. Haven't eaten anything in 24 hours due to being on shift, and could really use a pizza right about now. 
[REQUEST] The Villages, Florida.
Have a craving for a sausage and mushroom pizza. Had a long day at work and just want to sit and eat and drink a beer. Hope everyone is having a great night! 
[REQUEST] Me and the girlfriend are starving! Checks come tomorrow.
Anyone willing to order us a pizza just for today? Even a small pizza will make a difference, we're just really really hungry and ran out of food earlier than we expected, Our checks come tomorrow so we Will help thos in need

Thanks a bunch reddit
[REQUEST] It's been a year since I could afford real pizza (Portland, OR)
So I posted this on my facebook today:

"Hi, I'd really love a pizza and a handful of sedatives. First chick to furnish both wins a date with me and a pillow covered in drool."

A friend responded with this link.
Nothing special about my story, but here goes.
A bit over a year ago, I bombed out of college. Hard. After that, I was unable to find a job, even in the pizza industry, where I have 3.5 years experience, 1.5 of those in management. Throughout the year I have been bouncing around between cities, going back to Eugene and Corvallis for a time, and eventually went to Texas because I wanted to meet a girl I'd been talking to online for a year and a half or so and was quite enamoured with. That journey was a complete disaster, and months after I wound up back in Portland, I still think about it everyday. I still can't find a job... I interviewed at Voodoo Donuts the day before yesterday, and by now I would have heard back if I'd gotten the job. I feel like I kicked ass at the interview, but most 'cool' jobs in Portland are always won by scrubby hipsters and overly-tatted indie/rocker chicks. I'm an electronic musician, an artist, and writer, and slowly over the last year I've been watching a lot of the stuff I use to do my work break or disappear. My speakers broke, so I can't properly make music, I ditched 80$ worth of art supplies while I was trying to hitchhike to Texas, as it was weighing me down. My laptop's hard drive fried out but I was lucky enough to trade a much smaller one for some computer repair work. I've been couch-surfing various places this whole time, right now I am staying at a nice rasta lady's house with her schizophrenic ex-boyfriend and his mother, who has alzheimers. I'm lucky in that I get to stay in a room that is half-filled with their storage stuff yet has a bed in it. But I can't remember the last time I had a good pizza. Nevertheless, there are certainly people worse off than myself and if I had stumbled upon this sub-reddit on my own, I would've though that it was awesome, but would likely not be requesting pizza on it. However, since it was suggested to me, I figure I might as well give it a go.

What can I offer you? Well, I can send you a bunch of mp3s of my music, mail you some drawings, or perhaps help with some editing work if you have any writing you need someone to look over, whether for school or for personal writing. I live in the St. Johns neighbourhood of North Portland. Hope I got everything I need here, lemme know any questions or otherwise. Thanks reddit.
[Request] Life sucks right now
My dead end job is killing me, I hate it, and I work way too hard at it. I got home tonight and wanted to quit, I get shit from customers on the nightly (I work in a restaurant) and I only make meh money. Don't really have a whole lot else going for me at this point. Could use some pizza... but if not, that's cool too, you guys have a great thing going here. 
[REQUEST] Pizza needed in England tonight thanks to small sick child
Ugh, so woke up 2 days ago to my 9 year old puking with a fever turned out she ha a UTI. Much fun as last time she had one we ended up in hospital as she was hallucinating through the fever.
We've broken through the fever and shes on the mend again now so good to see her smile shes requesting all her favourite foods as shes obviously not eaten properly all weekend and I'd love to supply her with a pizza. 
[REQUEST] Going through a bit of an emotional doldrum. Will photoshop for pizza!
I've been going through a bit of a rough summer, emotionally. I feel unmotivated and uninspired. To top it off, the other day my parents told me they don't think I'm ever going to make it in college... what a way to bring someone down. We had a huge fight and I'm currently at my boyfriend's house. I haven't had a delicious pizza made to my perfection in a long, long time and I'm desperately searching for something to lift my spirits.

*In return for a pizza, I will photoshop a panda bear with a machine gun wearing a beer hat, and holding a pizza, riding on a tyrannosaurus rex with a huge explosion in the background.*

Thanks! 
[Request] College Student poor, nearly out of food, 
semester is almost over. In need of pizza. Living in 
ID, MDT timezone.
I'm a college student and I've run out of money, I have very little food for the rest of the semester and I rationing it so it will last (it's mostly oatmeal). I eat just enough to keep me going. I wish i had ramen and Mac n' Cheese, otherwise I wouldn't be asking for pizza.  Thanks for hearing me out reddit.

[Request] Florida-Dont get paid until Friday. Fridge died last weekend and haven't eaten since Monday AM
OK so here goes my story. I'm an apprentice glassblower and computer guy. Last weekend my fridge died spoiling all of the groceries I had for the week and I literally haven't eaten anything since Monday morning.  My bank account is overdrawn by 40 dollars, have no cash to my name and will not be paid until Friday. I make glass pendants and marbles and will gladly trade someone glasswork next week for a pizza today. 

Edit: Can provide screenshot of overdrawn bank account as proof if requested.
(Request) Dinner in Pacific, Mo?
Hi everyone. I usually just lurk around reddit and read but I'm here today because I really need help. I usually do ok with bills and food but this month I had some unexpected bills and we are out of food. I posted in food pantry and Assistance but someone told me maybe look here also. I was wondering if someone could help wit maybe a 15 dollar gift card so I can feed the kids tonight. I hate to come here and beg and I probably should have come earlier but I hate hate hate to ask for help. We have a dominos and they have those 5.99 pizzas if you order 3 and I have 4.oo so if someone could help I would be so thankful. I get paid on Monday and I would happily send it back. Thank you for reading.
[REQUEST] Reno,NV, Craving something other than ramen, will pay it forward in two days!
If possible I'd like papa johns so I can couple it with their current promo of buy a pizza get one free tomorrow. Thanks in advance. :D
[Request] First post...pizza in DC?
Things are a bit tight right now, but I'll be able to repay at the end of the month. Christmas pizza, yay =)

A bit about me, if it interests you- I'm currently a full time volunteer (like in the Peace Corps, but not called the Peace Corps) working at a small nonprofit in DC. I live in a big house with 12 other volunteers (I am NOT requesting pizza for 12 people, goodness xD) I just learned how to ride a bicycle last summer, and I play a bunch of instruments.

Thanks for looking =)
[Request]Day 2 Without food, Could use some help
Well, I haven't eaten since yesterday when I ran out of food. So here is to hoping that today will be different. I live in Florida would really appreciate a pizza or gift card. 

Thanks


[Request] rents due soon and have an empty cabinet. Please help keep my nagging girlfriend from complaining that there is nothing to eat... PS it's shark week
Mwaahhh thanks. (WA)
[REQUEST] Middlesbrough, England.
I don't get my loan for 2 weeks, can't stand the sight of rice anymore. Can anyone gift me something with flavour for a change?

Edit: going to bed now, my rice was terrible.
[request] I'm hungry and i've had the shityist day in a while i have five bucks in my wallet a pizza would make my day.


Its been a rough week i've been having some family problems and work problems and shits and today is just not going right I know i've asked and received before but hopefully someone can take pity and hook me up

[Request] My brother and I have no money or food until Tuesday..Just moved to Denver and we ate our last meal last night. A pizza would be amazing!
Just moved to Denver, CO about 2 months ago with just the stuff on our backs and now my brother has a decent job but after we paid up our rental situation we are without food or money until tuesday.  

A pizza tonight would be amazing, my brother is coming off working a 12 hour shift and would freak out if there was an option of pizza.

Thanks for reading.

EDIT: Update!  We still have no money or food.  Pizza would be amazing still!
(request) tough work week, don't get paid for another week and really that's mostly going towards rent instead of groceries, would appreciate something to eat.
Amherst Ohio here
[Request] Recent College Grad hungry and "cash poor"
My day off this week, feeling hungry and a little strange. I would love a pizza   While I clean my house and think about my future. 
[Request] Brooklyn, NY: two poor students cramming for the bar. You feed us pizza, we feed you legal knowledge.
Studying for the bar exam is a nightmare. Care to brighten our day?
[REQUEST]stranded in denver...
with my best friend and haven't eaten a full meal in a while. looking for a blessing while we try and figure out how we're going to get home. :)
Request: can you send a pizza to my work please
Today is going to be a very long day at work and I am not sure I will be able to leave to get lunch.... does someone want to send me a cheese pizza :)
[REQUEST, Indiana] Overdrawn checking account, borrowing money from my parents, and rent is due on Friday.
I'm using my real account, and it shames me that it's come to this.  
  
Last Friday I had to do something no one ever wants to do, I had to phone my mom and dad to ask for money. I have not lost my job, but my car's exhaust broke. For those familiar with cars, the clamp where the catalytic converter and exhaust meet up rusted through, and the rust had damaged the pipes and cat under the car. The shop's bill came to $320 and some change, to replace the rusted pipes/cat and weld up the connections.  
  
Let me say that I'm not in a dire situation, my parents were able to lend me enough to cover my overdraft fee and most of my rent, but I've nothing left for food. I have enough frozen burritos to survive, but a warm pizza would be amazing.  
  
Back to the escapism of videogames for the time being.
[Request] Hungover and hungry in London.
I'm a lurker, not a poster, so I'm not expecting much - but I thought I'd try my hand anyway! I really should go for a proper English breakfast, but I massively wrecked my knee when I was wrecked last night and now I can't even make it round the corner to the shop. No worries if it doesn't happen! Cheers :)
[Request] SoCal art student who's financial aid hasn't dropped yet
I haven't had a pizza in months and I currently have -$9 in the bank :c
I haven't had any sign of my financial aid showing up yet, and I'm starving!

In return I'd gladly draw anything you'd wish

Here's some of my digital art as an example:
http://imgur.com/a/ehpgm

*edit: just fixing formatting because mobile can be wonky at times
[request] uk - Boyfriend layed up in bed with bad back
He is pretty miserable, we dont even have a TV or anything up there. Was hoping someone might be able to help me treat him tonight as I cant afford to myself. Dont get me wrong, I have noodles so we wont go hungry just daydreaming of something tastey :)
[REQUEST] Hungry and nothing to eat :(
Just looking for a pizza. If anybody would be kind enough I'd appreciate it.. (:
I'm in Eastern NC. You could use dominoes to order for me, it's right up my street(

Thanks in advance!
{Request} An awesome 8 year old deserves a pizza. (Tx)
Howdy RAOP! I've been in a giant funk lately that I've been unable to pull myself out of, then then tonight my son surprised me. He wrote me a little note saying that I should play Xbox with him and take my "mind off of things," along with other sweet things. 

We played for about 2 hours while he asked me questions about when I was in 3rd grade and joked around about Space Chimps. It was the funnest time I've had in a long time and really reminded me about what's important. 

I don't have access to my account until Monday night since the fiance has my card on a trip for a class for work. I have stuff for the weekend but it's all meals that my son doesn't really enjoy that much. Since neither of us will go hungry this weekend I will completely understand if you would rather give to someone who needs it more than myself, but I would love to treat my "punkin" for everything he did for me tomorrow sometime. Taking a pizza to the park is one of his favorite things.

I will be making offers next week, whether or not I get a pizza so even if you're just reading this and you're hungry be sure to check back with me then. :) 

I think it's time for a great nights sleep now but I will check back tomorrow!
[Request]See this post from /r/offmychest:
[This.](http://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/1lvmvg/i_share_a_birthday_with_the_kid_next_door_this/)

I cannot afford to at the moment, but would anyone be willing to PM the OP and offer some help?
[Request] Jacksonville, FL. I have nothing but condiments and maybe 3oz of lettuce until Thursday. Help?
This morning for breakfast, I consumed essentially what was left of my actual food. I had some cheese, bacon, a hamburger bun, and a salad. Currently, I'm training for my new job and am finding it hard to focus without bringing lunch for my very full day. If I had a nice, hot, gooey pizza for dinner and lunch tomorrow, I'd be set. Pizza Hut has nice deals going on. Buy me a pizza and I will trade you a body/hygiene/cosmetic product from my future store (You can message me if you want to know what store that is, but it is a really awesome one). Thank you.
[Request] 19 and struggling, been off my feet for a few months.
Hey my name is Andrew. Currently i'm unemployed and stream video games via twitch.tv full time to try and make some money here and there. I live in the Denver, Colorado area roughly.

I live at home with my mom after a few heavy life incidents led me to leave my job and move back home.

Streaming hasn't been making me much lately and i've been pretty broke, had to quit smoking cold turkey and can't exactly afford food at the moment either.

The last few days i've been really achy and sick and my mom didn't get child support for whatever  reason so we are scraping by until we get food stamps in a few days.

I've been looking for a job and working on getting my GED to help out on that front but no luck so far seeing as how I can't commute downtown every day.

If anyone would be cool and get me a pizza or something, that would be pretty legit.

Not really sure what else to put here, so sorry if anyone is looking for more info i'd be happy to edit my post for whatever reason.


Edit: I saw a contest for some bad MS paint art, i like to draw champions from League of Legends in paint for people who donate to my stream, so i'd be happy to draw one or more for someone who donates a pizza. (Doesn't have to be league related, but i'm terrible.)

[request] would love some stuffed crust pizza [baltimore]
haven't had stuffed crust pizza in ages and after paying rent, car insurance, and paying off my credit card i don't have tons of money available for such luxuries.  i have a verification code, so if you feel like being generous i can send that to you.  thanks!
[REQUEST] London UK, lost my wallet last night
Yeah, it had my debit card in it so I've got no access to cash at the minute and an empty fridge save for a cabbage. I'd love a little pick me up!
[Request] Edmonton Alberta Down in the dumps, and broke as a chump.
I in no way actually expect anyone to be kind enough to do this for me, but I thought I'd give it a shot.

I'll provide some back story just so that I don't come off as a mooch.
Currently sitting at home alone for the weekend, family is over 3 hours away, and my girlfriend... (or whatever she is to me after the falling out we've had over the past 2 months) is headed out for the weekend to go camping with her bestfriend. We're working on our relationship and part of that involved me moving out on my own so I could focus on myself, find a job, and seek help for my severe depression, until I've made progress towards getting my shit together she's not willing to say we're in a relationship more serious than "seeing each other" Sounds harsh, but really it's just because she wants me to prove that I'm actually going to get my shit together.

Today is one of those days where I've slumped into a depressed state, not nearly as bad as some days, but I've made progress and will continue to strive for progress.
I guess my hope is that someone will be kind enough to make my day, so that when I've got my shit together I can do the same for someone that was once in my position.

Anyways before I turn this into a book with my rambling...
TL;DR- Broke, Lonely, Depressed, and really hungry (I've lost 15 lbs in the past 2 weeks... =( )


[Request] Laurel, MD - My dad is already gone for the night and there is no food to eat except veggie food.
I actually don't know what my dad does every weekend but he goes out every Saturday and he forgot to actually buy food for the house. The only thing that's there is his vegetarian food and I'm broker than a joke. :/
[Request] Pizza for a lonely Wisconsin guy
Girlfriend left me last week, told me why last night-said that I didn't make her truly happy and that all of her "I love you and won't leave" has been a lie for the past undisclosed amount of time. Figure pizza might make me better. But all my money just went into my gas tank...
[Request] My best friend hasn't eaten in almost three days.
My best friend's not eaten all day or yesterday and is feeling sick. I've got no money, or I'd help him, and he's across the country with no way of getting anything to eat. I'm really worried about him because this happens frequently, and he gets sick because of it. If someone could get him a gift card, I would be eternally grateful. I can draw you a picture of Pinkie Pie, because that's the only thing I can draw. He's in California in the Orange County area

{Request} My face is on fire, and I need a pizza to put it out!!!!!
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!

[VA area, serious offers only please]
[REQUEST] Oshawa, Ont., poor, lonely student would love a pizza.
Hi there. I'm at school 100+km away from home and the school just took a tuition payment. Have nothing to eat until Thursday when I get money so a pizza would be greatly appreciated. I could ration it throughout the week. Anything helps if possible, thanks! 
[REQUEST] Pizza for a sad girl
This week has been terrible, I lost a family friend to a car crash and my kitty (age 15)died on Christmas. I've done nothing but cry and post/read rage comics to try and keep my spirits up. I could really use some reddit love right now.
I'm in Gatineau,QC (Aylmer)(near Ottawa)
[Request] Got overzealous paying off the car last week, have $1.36 until May 15. But the car no longer belongs to the bank!
Thanks for getting this far. Not to pile on the bad news, because it really isn't that bad, but I just got a call from the landlord that the power's been out for a few hours in my complex, and to be careful of the food in the fridge when I get back from work. Sounds like it could be a long day. I understand that my posting history isn't too broad, but is  I'm a long time lurker and this account is two months old. Maybe someone can help me out. Thanks and have a good day!

EDIT: I totally meant October 25th, not May 15. That'd be silly.
[Request] Lost my job, living from couch to couch.
I'm not the type of person to ask for anything but this past January I lost my job due to going partially blind in my left eye. I have struggled ever since to find any work and have been going from couch to couch. I've been fortunate enough to be able to house sit for a week. Unfortunately the  people im house sitting for have no food here and I'm down to .05 cents to my name. A pizza would really cheer me up right now.
[Request] Just got dumped, no food in the freezer. Pizza?
So it's been a while since it's happened, but yeah. Just got dumped by a girl I like... My brother has used up pretty much everything in the freezer. I would really appreciate a pizza right now...
[Request]  Saint Augustine, US.  Boyfriend and I have no money till next week, and are awaiting food stamps approval.
My boyfriend and I live in Saint Augustine, Florida and have been having a rough time financially the past few months.  In and out of various jobs, we've had to survive off of coscto sized ramen packs, and pasta and olive oil.  I applied for food stamps a couple days ago, and am waiting to hear back from them.  It's getting a little trite, and we're quite hungry tonight, a hot pizza would be a delight.  We'll happily pay it forward in the future.  Much love.
[Request] I'd love a Buffalo Chicken Puzza!
I seriously love buffalo chicken pizza. Like, straight up addicted. There's a local pizzeria that delivers and they make the best buffalo chicken pizza I've ever had; however if you dont feel safe with that or have a Giftcard to a chain I could care less, I just want a buffalo chicken pizza soooo bad! 
[REQUEST]- I start class next week and i am still with my family. I want to surprise my parents and my brother with an egift card to get pizza before i leave. 
I live in philly and a nice egift card would me nice for my family. We don't have a lot of food either. So, is there anyone willing to get a papa johns egift card. It's closer to me. 
[Request] Pizza for finals in Northern Iowa
My friend and I will be studying for finals for many hours this weekend. We are poor, but not destitute. Receiving a pizza for studying would lift our spirits and give us a reason to study very hard and do well on our finals. Any pizza gift card would be met with great excitement!

Thank you for your consideration.
[request]lovepark,il. Preggers and very sad..
well I am 8 weeks preggers...my name is Sarah..and..well I'm pretty freaked out about telling my story too so meny unknowns...but my friend said people would understand and not be mean..so here it is..
as of 2 days ago...my husband left me,after he found out we were having a baby...mind you we have been married 2 yrs and friends for 8 yrs...he took everything..our money and car and left me in a house with no food..its not like a can eat a lot due to being so upset n morning sickness but it'd b nice to have something to munch on when I can...I called my old boss and luckily I'll b able to go back to my old job in a few weeks...I'm just praying someone will understand and help out..I've never done this b4...but its worth a try...god bless and thank you for reading my story 
[Request] My friend is letting me stay with him for a few days after I got out of the hospital, and I know that's a strain. I'm trying to do right by him &amp; not ask him to buy me/us lunch/dinner today.
RAOP-- you guys are wonderful.

Request fulfilled. Will thank/post update before tomorrow's end. ^^
[Request] Painting our apartment today, would love a pizza for break time
Hey RAOP, we have to white out the walls in our apartment in order to get our security deposit back. We don't have much food or time to cook, and our money is going to rent &amp; utilities. We would love a pizza inbetween coats.

We're in the Western Massachusetts area. Thanks in advance!
[REQUEST] Pennsylvania, USA living off PB&amp;J, could really use a pizza right about now.
guys, I have been living off of pbj for 2 days, due to a problem with the direct deposit money transfer that has left 2 dollars in my bank account as they sort it out.. I couldn't help but notice the influx of Papa John's coupons, but only have a dominos close to me :( can some kind redditor please help me out? I can make a promise to pay it forward and return the favor once the money situation is settled. Thank you for your kindness.
[Request] UK - Broke Student Exam Special
Just paid my rent and now have a scarily small amount of money in my account. Also studying for the worlds dullest exam tomorrow. Would love to have a pizza to go with Match of the Day later! 
[Request] It's been a rough week, I need something to cheer me up.
Last Tuesday my friend of 6 years shot himself in the head and killed 3 other random people.

It's been a rough 2 weeks thinking about the whole thing. I haven't ate much and can barely get up in the morning to go to work.


[Request] I feel crazy doing this...
I am flat broke. I feel silly for even requesting this- but a pizza would be kinda awesome. Tired of the ramen and tuna salad I have been living on the past 2 weeks. If anyone could help, they would be my hero. 
[Request] pizza for poor Binghamton NY girl with bad ju-ju? 
I just moved here (from Texas) to gain residency for BU. In the past month I've gotten hit by a car and broke my dominant wrist, got the flu, my upstairs neighbors flooded my living room making it unusable, my job won't let me work because of my cast, I couldn't afford school, my mom lost her job, the entire city flooded, and now the pipes in my kitchen are severly leaking so the repair guy turned off the water and have completely disassembled my kitchen. I can't use the water in my apartment for two days (that includes cooking....and my stove is currently in the living room too.) A pizza would be great :/
[Request]  Pizza for tonight until payday (Thursday)
Any place will do (Papa Johns, Pizza Hut, I don't think there is a Domino's up here).  Please and thank you very much.


Edit:  We (boyfriend, myself, and disabled grandma) are in Mentor-on-the-lake, Ohio.
[REQUEST] Hannibal Democratic Office in need of pizza!
Those men and women putting forth their time and effort running against Representative Todd Akin would greatly appreciate some pizza. They deserve it for their efforts, and I'll gladly fulfill a request on this subreddit once I get a steady paycheck.

Thanks in advance if anyone fulfills this. The Democratic Office in Hannibal, Missouri. 
[Request] North Los Angeles - Outlook grim, reaching out!
I've heard a lot about this subreddit from /r/trees and /r/assistance, but I have been relatively lucky up until now. I'm reaching out to this community! We're going to be a bit short for the next few days until I get paid again, and our pantry is bare and sorrowful. 

If you want verification, just let me know! I'll be happy to provide pictures or an email verification.
[Request] Living paycheck-to-paycheck...unexpected dental expense has me in the red 'til Friday
...and all I have to eat here is banana bread, which I've been eating constantly and I'm sick of, and 3 corn dogs, which I'm saving for lunch at work tomorrow.

If someone answers my plea (and I do see there are more...pressing requests than mine open right now), I will look through your posting/commenting history and write a haiku about you based on it.  How can you beat that?  Answer: You can't.  Have verification code.
[Request] Broke student, been living off pasta for a good few weeks. A pizza may save my stomach's sanity! (UK)
As lovely as cheesy pasta is, it gets a bit boring after a while! I'm heading back to work over summer in a few weeks, so I can pay it forward when I get my first paycheck through :)
[Request] Very Very Very stressed due to summer classes and general life situations could use a pizza
The title explains it. I live in Indiana would love just a cheese pizza. no way to pick up the pizza so delivery would be appreciated. Thank you. 
[request] anyone feeling generous in Toronto?
Throwaway bc this is embarrassing. Ben off work for a few weeks (injury, still have a job just can't work until i'm better), no money until end of jan (screw u ei) and bank account pretty empty. My roommate has been awesome about groceries but he had to leave town a couple days ago bc of a funeral. Fridge &amp; cupboards basically empty.

So anyone feel like sending me some pizza? 
[Request] Swindon, UK. Doing a huge favour for a friend, was told I could help myself to what was in the fridge, but then I realised......
I'm currently dogsitting for a close friend. They were supposed to be home an hour ago, but I just got called and they have apologised and said they won't be back for about another 12 hours. They did say I could help myself to what was in the fridge, so I had a look and, and [this](http://imgur.com/vKTKU) was the sum total - 1 tub of butter, 1 tub of margerine, a tray of expired eggs, some wine, some flat pepsi, some stale milk and a bottle of lemonade. I'm so hungry right now it's unreal, and I will happily pay this forward when I get back home tonight.
[Request] 3 poor Purdue looking for some study pizza
Pulling an all nighter looking for some pizza. Any food at all would be much appreciated. Thanks 
[Request] Parsippany, NJ. Dad been laid off for over a year, lucky to have internet now. Actually, lucky to even have a house right now. Would like to surprise him with not having to worry about lunch/dinner.
Dad is currently looking for a job and they keep telling him to wait longer before they offer and we're living from unemployment check to unemployment check. Not a lot of food around the house and I don't want him to have to worry about food for at least one day.
[Request] It's my birthday in a couple of days! [Compton, CA]
In addition to that, I've been wondering for a while how this works. Figured my birthday might be a good a time as any to try it. I'll be sure to pay it forward though!

PS: I can also write poetry if someone is interested. Or music. 
[Request] Finished my last final for the semester, roommate and I are snowed in tonight.
My roommate and I finished our finals today, of course we had one at the last timeslot (U of I has a terrible final schedule this year). We'd like to celebrate but it's starting to storm pretty bad out at the moment. A pizza would be delicious, this semester was a rough one. Pretty please? :) I'll gladly pay it forward to a college kid who asks next time around.
[Request] Broke-but-tryin' single mom. A pizza for me and my little guy would be such a treat! 
I'm amazed that such a thing exists! I don't really know how this works, but if someone could get us a pizza we would be so grateful! We would eat the whole thing with much happy yelling while watching The Iron Giant. 
[request]Redditor since '09, sick, could use some good food to help get well! 
This May I got pneumonia and ended up in the hospital for 4 days because my immune system wouldn't kick in and fight the infection in my lungs.  Fast forward a few months and I am in the college of my dreams, but my immune system has taken a pot shot at me again.  First it was an ear infection in week 2 of Fall Quarter, now it is the flu.  I've missed so much class I may have to go on medical leave. 

My story is long and messy - my life really exploded this spring/summer, which is why I am a 30 year old living in the college dorms. *facepalm* I'd be glad to share more of the story if you'd like, but in the meantime it would be great to have some food other than the Easy Mac, stale tortilla chips and soda I've been living on since getting sick.  Maybe something a little better would help me get well?  I can only hope!  Thanks in advance, Reddit :) 
[Request] Broke and ...well. It's storming.
I live in Tucson, AZ, and came out of work to find a small tree on the hood of my car after this afternoon's lovely storm. Fixing this is going to be the rest of my money until payday on Friday, and I'm just hoping that there's someone out there thinking about passing on a pizza. I'm a big believer in karma, and I'm hoping that she's going to be kind to me after the past few weeks of absolute shit. UGH. Right before my vacation, too :(
[Request] Pizza for friend in Wilmington, DE
Hey Reddit,

A really good friend of mine is currently running out of money waiting for the end of the semester at her college in Wilmington, DE. She's running low on food and money, and is feeling down since a lot of her friends have moved out for the semester. A pizza for her would be really, really awesome. Thanks
(Request) Central CT resident in desperate need of a helping hand
Hey reddit,

I've really hit some hard times recently, lost my job, kicked out of my apartment, car broke down. Pretty much anything bad you could imagine going bad in one's life, it has happened to me.

All my family is in Colorado, so moving out there is pretty much out of the questions. So right now I'm crashing on my buddies couch, but I'm not sure how long that will last or how long until he loses his mind and kicks me out.

I would love to be able to pay him back someway or another, and pizza popped into my mind. Being as it is a Friday night, and I don't have the fund to do much anything but breathe and drink free water, I'm not going out tonight. Anyone have it in their heart to help out a fellow human being whose life has hit the skids?

[request] Adelaide Australia. It's my fiance's birthday today and pizza would be an awesome way to convince her that reddit rocks.
I've been trying to convince her of the greatness of reddit and redditors for a while and I think free pizza on her birthday would convince her.
[Request] Just would like something good to eat while I'm sick.
Not like dying sick, just don't-feel-like-moving sick. Soup &amp; noodles just isn't cutting it, but pizza isn't exactly in my budget right now.

I'd love to just have something tasty to eat on for a few days while I recover.

I live in Pinebluff, NC &amp; the only place that delivers is Pizza Hut, so an eGift for there would be amazing. Thanks!

*
[Request] I'll show you mine if you show me yours .
[They](http://imgur.com/y63DB) just opened up down the street from me . Ill send you a pic of the pizza if you send me a pic of your pizza.  Lets order each other a pizza and use a funny reddit inspired names . I figure we can post the name on the receipt to share with everyone else.

[Here](http://imgur.com/tJ3j9) is the new shop . Doesn't look very new but it is.
 
PS - I have never been asked for an ID so I figure it would work.

PPS - If this works out I plan on buying a few pizzas for the hungry as well .
[Request] Broke until payday. Lubbock, Texas
All I have to get me through until Friday is a few packs of ramen and oatmeal. First time in this Sub-Reddit thought I would give it a try.
[REQUEST] Got laid off today w / proof-pic. Don't feel like diving into the pantry.
Hi, all.  I hope someone understands.

[Proof of unemployment.](http://i.imgur.com/06T2w.jpg?1)

You don't need to do this, but I'd appreciate it. (Plus, I can surprise the fianceé with her half to lessen the blow.  She knows, incidentally.)

Sorry to bother.

*
[Request] Sick as hell and no food til I can go shopping.
Let me get this straight, I HATE asking for handouts. I hate it. But Im really really sick today, and I don't have anything to eat. If I ended up getting a pizza out of this I swear to god I'd be so happy.

This is also my first time doing this, I don't exactly feel comfortable putting my address in this, but my general area is as follows:

Ottawa, Canada

Orleans,

Chapel Hill

If you're familiar with that suburb, and are feeling generous, message me :)
[request] Kirkland, Washington USA
I am almost completely out of food and have a negative balance in my account at present. I am unemployed and my unemployment insurance is expiring.  I could really use a cheering up in the form of a decent meal if anyone is feeling generous.  I would gladly repay the kindness by paying it forward when I get back to work.  

If anyone wants more information about my situation or any proof I am able to provide please PM me.  I have a verification system code available as well, please ask if you need it.

Thanks in advance to anyone considering helping me out.
[Request] I get off work in 20 minutes and I'm pretty stressed.
I've never done this before, but between today, registering for classes for my return to school for the first time in 3 years...it's been an extremely long day. I'd love to swing by Pizza Hut on the way home.

Thanks, guys.

**Edit:** Oops. North Carolina, USA here!

**Edit 2:** Well it's quitting time, so I'll revoke my pizza request until another time.
[Request] Computer Engineering student here, pulling her hair out over op amp circuits for two exams tomorrow.
I've got two exams tomorrow and only tapioca pudding in the house.  I'm stuck at my desk writing out op-amp circuits trying to make sense of it all.  I'm craving a pizza hardcore.  Help a lady out?

I definitely will be paying it back when I am not stressed out of my mind!  
  
[Request] Hungry Medic would like pizza pie
Hi there. Im currently stuck on an Army base and our DEFAC (basically a cafeteria where they serve our meals) is closed. All DEFACs across post are closed. SO, If you would like to order me a pizza, you can rest assured you will have the favor returned on the 1st of August when i get paid. Also a little info on myself, Combat Medic, two years in service, live on Ft Stewart, GA, and Im out of money because I spent it all on my sons birthday when I was on leave last week. Alright thats it, lets hope this works. 
[Request] Sick cannot get to the store for food.
Been sick for a few days and I'm starting to run low on food, been eating   chips, ramen and other similar food items. I'll probably have to venture out to the store at some point, but I'd like to avoid the embarrassment and health risk of throwing up on the drive there and at the store.
[Request]Girlfriend and daughter are really sick of eating rice and pasta and would love if they could have a pie but I'm broke until Thursday. Any love?
Will most assuredly return the favor or pass it along!
{Request} Cap Heights MD. 
Would like to have a pizza tonight
[Request] Hungry girl in the UK
First off, I will admit I am new, and I made my account after discovering this subreddit.  But I have been a lurker for quite a while and have even gotten my mum addicted to this site (and the aww sub).  
Right now I have no gas, and that in itself is nothing new.  But I also have no food, or cash.  I'm not really a fan of spilling my life story.  I don't think it's fair to people, especially if they think I'm only after pity.  But I will explain some, at least that's connected to why I'm in this situation.  Otherwise, what's the point?  
My baby sister died when she was barely out of her teens.  I was still a teen myself at the time, and my mum took it very badly.  I ended up becoming her carer and after about five years of constantly hiding anything sharp or pill related and just generally taking care of her, I kind of snapped (or broke. However you want to put it).  It's now eleven years later and the depression pretty much controls my life.  
I do get enough money to pay most of my bills.  Though gas and shopping are the lowest priorities.  I have gas/electric here, so thankfully the gas doesn't heat the water for the shower.  
I'm not the type of person that can put off paying the bills in order to buy groceries.  Even though sometimes I really should.  That's just the way I was raised.  Sucky, yes, but at least I have the internet and tv to keep me from going insane.  

I don't know what kind of proof you could ask for about me.  But please feel free to ask away and I will try my best to verify anything.  Unless you want a picture of me.  That's just wrong.  And evil.  And....wrong :)

Edit: Forgot to include [request] doh
[Request]Austin,TX. Parents left for the night and forgot to leave money for dinner
Wondering if anybody could help me out! Would pass on the favor this week!
[Request] Home-made dinner fell on the floor. Pizza feels like the only thing that will fill the frustration void.
First time pizza poster- [NYC AREA] So I spent a good hour cutting  fresh chicken breasts, brushing egg yolk on them, some flour, a lot of bread crumbs and deep frying them to deliciousness. Tried to eat them with my girlfriend while studying for biology in our tiny apartment and boom- plate falls on the floor. Oh, and I also lost my Playstation 3 to a bunch of Frat boys who threw a party with my roomate who by accident spilled an entire cup of alcohol into the top vent. shitty, shitty 48 hours its been. =/ needless to say- low on cash and virtually no food in the fridge. Heres a picture of one of the plates   http://imgur.com/wLsKh 

Oh and also, I want to state that my girlfriend does not believe at all this sub reddit exists and that random people actually send pizza to strangers -randomly. 

TL;DR- Shitty 48 hours, home made chicken fingers fell on the floor. starving. Tummy feels sad.
[Request] Washington State - Packing party, pizza invited.
We recently lost a job in the family and are now having to make a quick move back to Oregon. We've overdrawn our bank accounts and our cupboards are quite barren. 

We have PAX LoL champion codes and Wreck-It Ralph avatar item codes to offer in return for delicious pizza. 
[Request] Lost my student ID
And therefore couldn't swipe at the dining hall all day today, and I won't be able to get a new one until Monday. It's an enormous flaw in FSU's system. I am so hungry and have no money, and this community  is so impressive and wonderful. I would be so so so appreciative if someone would buy me dinner.
[Request] Craving for Pizza
havnt had pizza since my friends birthday and all a sudden i am really craving for some pizza

Surrey,BC
[Request] My roommate &amp; best friend of 10+ years started a pizza fast for November. I consider this an act of treason against our friendship! Reddit, help me win her back to the dark side with a pizza! (Chicago)
November is notorious for "no-shave" or "no-whatever" 30 day fasting, but this is crossing the line! We have bonded over so many things via pizza, it is one of the major cornerstones of our friendship. I have already fought several long battles with her over this- how dare she leave me in the trenches alone! She will be home from work in about an hour and a half to two hours. This is my final stand against no-pizza-november, she won't listen to my reasoning any longer - Reddit help me out and be the calvary!

[request] Finland, Hungry, Broke and snowing like crazy outside. 
Hey all, 
It's been nice reading some of the stories on here, Didn't think I would ever contribute one of my own but here goes.
Basically long story short I lost my wallet last weekend and had to cancel all my cards, 
I'm an international student here a couple of thousand miles from home while not entirely on my own I've been making do with the 20euros I had in my pocket since Friday.
I was hoping I might get a new card today it never came and now I'm looking at recycling some empty bottles so I can buy some bread for the evening.
If someone fancied the challenge of ordering pizza on a Finnish website I would be forever grateful as I really don't want to go asking friends for some spare dinner on Valentines day.

[Request] After 4 Months of Unemployment, Things Are Looking Up
Hi all, thanks for taking the time to even look at a request on here.

So the story is I've been unemployed since I got out of the Air Force and doing pretty okay without unemployment benefits. But I've started my new job and its a 20 mile drive both ways and not exactly conducive to my 50 dollar a week income from selling plasma. To top it off, today I was moved to a 8-5 shift and couldn't make it in time to donate due to traffic.

I won't get paid until next Friday, which will be kind of a stretch. Not looking for anything major, just hoping for a nice random act to keep me full until tomorrow afternoon.

And I guess to guilt you guys a bit, my new job is providing network support to literally EVERY Army hospital in the world and keeping their gears turning. To say the least, it is stressful.

But that's that, thought I might try one of these. Thanks for reading :D
[Request]Help a bad luck loser in Bloomington, IL feel better!
So yeah... employer just told me to be packed up and out of here in two weeks this past Friday.  I'm backed up on my finances because of kidney stones that were so painful that I couldn't work a full 40 for a few weeks.  My job has no benefits and I couldn't afford to go to the doctor, so I manned up and gritted my teeth through it without awesome drugs...  
  
Now my power, internet(which I'm downgrading soon) and TV service(i'm cutting the cord as soon as this stupid contract is gone), cell phone bills(on contract so nothing I can do here) are all late.  I've been late on my car payment twice in the past 5 months.  I can't afford to pay any of them right now because my rent is coming due, and if I don't pay that on time they charge a $50 late fee plus $10 for every additional day late.  I also need gas, and my car insurance is going to be due in full soon.  And I have a huge student loan in my mother's name with myself co-signed that I haven't been able to make the payment on for a few months... so I'm just hurting her.
  
I live alone and haven't really made many friends since I moved to this state.  I've been begging for part time jobs for over a year and no one is hiring me.  Now I'm close to being unemployed and my employer(staffing firm) hasn't found me a replacement yet.  
  
I'm subsisting on Ramen, buttered pasta, the cheapest hot dogs I can find, and any other sale items I can find for less than $1 per dinner, around .50-.75 for lunch, and I don't even eat breakfast.  
  
Before the troubles started I loved that new Dominos pan pizza.  I'm a cynical, pissed off, "hates everything" manic depressive who doesn't like to smile.  But that stuff always puts a smile on my face.  
  
  
I'm going to join this sub, and as soon as I can I will return the gesture if someone can help me feel good again for a little bit before I start looking for stuff in my apartment to sell to pay these stupid bills.  
  
If you live in the area I would be happy to try to help you with any technology issues that you may be having in return.
(Request)  disabled with wife and 2 baby's, trying to treat them
Me and my 4 yr old daughter are both disabled so money is scarce but the family loves pizza so I'd like to treat them if someone could help out. Thanks
{request} homeless and need help
i lost my job several weeks ago and because of that i lost my apartment now im living in my car and its got a flat in the walmart parking lot i have run out of food ive been living on ramen every few days but im out and i have no way of feeding myself i need some help thank you and god bless
[request] Kenner, Louisiana craves the bacon pizza!

[REQUEST] Starving college student in California writing a term paper all weekend. 
So, tonight I'm staying in and writing a term paper for the next few days. It's on N. Scott Momaday's "House Made of Dawn" if you're curious. I would appreciate some brain food. :) 

EDIT: And to make it fun, how about we make it one pepperoni and one with any combination of toppings. Your choice! (Except please no pineapple or fish.)
[REQUEST] Broke until my girlfriend's unemployment check comes in. Please help. (Los Angeles)
As of last month we went from having three jobs between us to just one. But between my remaining job and her unemployment checks we're not doing too bad considering, but having just payed the rent on the 3rd, we're completely tapped out. Her check should come tomorrow and I'll get paid on Friday, but we need to eat today. Would any random stranger be willing to help us out? I don't want to be a charity case so, I'd even be willing to pay you back when we get our money or pizza it forward. Thanks for reading!

**UPDATE**: SpeakerCity was kind enough to help a brother out! My pizza is already on the way. Thank you for offering, Lakerz4life and IrritableOwlSyndrome, too.
[Request] Hungry and broke
Me, my girlfriend and our 4 month old son just moved into our house a few weeks ago. With moving expenses and bill deposits we are so broke that we can't buy food for this week. I'm not a big guy, 6'1 170lbs, but I eat like a horse and this week I have only ate one PBJ sandwich a day and my girlfriend has only had one thing of noodles per day if that. My son stays well fed, we make sure of that. So I'm only asking for a pizza today, so that maybe we can fill our stomachs for the next few days. In a few weeks when our situation gets better, I will pass on the kindness.

[here are pictures of us. one of my son, recently, one of me and my girlfriend, and a family picture that is rather old.](http://imgur.com/a/G7GeJ)

thank you to anyone who is willing to help. even if i receive nothing, i think it is amazing that redditors are so helpful with strangers. i fucking love reddit!

edit: I live in Peru, IN. Specifically on the Grissom Air Reserve Base.
[Request] Portland, OR. A large one topping would go a long way right now.
I could really use something simple. I just finished a package of instant mashed potatoes and have a pack of top ramen. My sister plans to send money on Tuesday, I just don't think I can continue feeling the way I am until then. I can make a large pizza last me through Monday. 

You can guarantee I will pay it forward to someone as needy as myself when I get receive my first paycheck from my new job I started.

A huge thanks, Reddit.
[Request] hungry family in NJ
Hello everyone! I found out about this website from a friend who heard of it thru WUAH! Im hoping I could get some help tonight for pizza for my family. I am broke until tomorrows payday thanks to a flat tire that i HAD to replace. We dont have much food left in the house and I was going ot buy something just for tonight but now I cant. I feel bad giving my boys pb&amp;j again tonight. We have a local dominos. They are running 2 specials that I know of ( i looked it up lol) where u can get 2 or more mediums for 5.99/each...we would need at least 3 since the boys are bottomless pits and eat alot...i honestly dont know where they put it since they all are tall and so skinny!! Any help would be awesome! thank you for reading!! Oh and I did that verification thing and have a code!
[Request] NY state, Hungry university student in the midst of finals.
I'm a biomedical engineering student at a university in New York. This is finals week, and I ran out of my meal plan last Friday. I've just been living off my friends for the past few days, and I would love to be able to share slice to repay them.
 Yay for surviving math &amp; science finals!
[REQUEST]
I'm a broke musician/artist guy. Money is (always) tight and a pie would be pretty tight butthole. Not expecting anything here, so grateful for whatever comes my way. 
[Request] Family struggling with financial responsibility.
My wife and I are avid pizza fans, but this month has been exceptionally tight fiscally. Having recently put together a new monthly budget (with more reasonable expenses) we've acted more responsibly, but had considerably less fun.  
If anyone would be so kind as to reward our new financial responsibility with dietary irresponsibility, that would be grand. I'm sure the kids would love something more than just bland-yet-wholesome Spaghetti for the third night in a row.  
Thanks for taking the time to read, and have a great day no matter what.
[Request]Desperately wanting something to eat in Ohio. 
Hey Reddit, I'm a 20 year old female, I'm currently starving or at least it feels that way. I haven't ate anything since yesterday morning. I tried to go to the pantry today but they aren't open until tomorrow and tomorrow I wont need help because I get my check. I work a full-time job and currently drained my savings for a car so I didn't have to ride the metro back and forth to work. 
I've been on Reddit for over a year and helped a lot of people out in r/assistance, if someone could help me out it would mean a lot, I'm currently extremely dizzy and I think it's due to the lack of food.
Please PM for proof and my real account name, I'd be glad to pay it back or pay it forward. 

[Request] Been depressed, a pizza would be nice.
There's a bunch of people around here who actually need a pizza 'cause they don't have food or whatever. So if you're looking to give, get to them first.


I've been depressed for quite a while now, give or take 4 years, mainly due to the pressure from my family to go to college and get a degree. I've messed up quite a bit during that time, all of it my fault honestly, and so I've gotten academically suspended for a year. This has escalated my depression because I feel like I'm just throwing away opportunities like it's nothing and letting everyone I know down. Today's been especially bad, I had a pretty shitty dream were everyone finds out what I failure I am, the first thought I had today was about suicide. I know I wont do anything, but it's still an awful way to start my day. So I've been drinking the day away and being generally useless. 

Sorry for the boring story but it just feels better to type it out. It's not like I'm lacking food, I could go make a sandwich, but a pizza would be nice since I don't have the money for that.     
[Request] UK, £6.70 in my account, paid in 3 days but fed up of pasta with pesto
As the title says, simply a bit more broke than normal this month. I get paid on the 28th and I have enough pasta + pesto to last (and cereal for breakfast) but I'm just sick of it having basically eaten that for over a week now. 
Would really like a pizza or something just to change things up. 
[REQUEST] PHX,AZ US Two starving awesome musicians looking to eat some food tonight!
So we are sitting here starving and then it comes to us! Random Acts of Pizza! so we figured wed give it a try. Now we dont have much to offer cept the fact that we could pay it forward (eventually) AND we could write you (our savior who decideds to help) a custom song bro! to show all your friends haha. Why the hell not eh?
[Request] Not paid in Texas
.....
[REQUEST] Pizza Birthday
Hi Reddit! Today's my birthday! Yey? I don't know if I should be excited about that.. My dad has just recently moved to WV for a new job, but I can't come with him since I still have classes here in LA.. This is the first time I'm living alone..

Help me out?
[Request] Hungry and broke college student in Miami
I'm a hungry and broke college student at FIU in Miami and desperately in need of some food.
[request] Im just a dude in a BLUE chair who likes pizza.
I havent had comercial pizza in a while and yes im just a guy in a blue chair in metro east St Louis if you proffer to my request ill send you a picture of my chair and you will know I truly am just a guy in a blue chair. 
[Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://reddit.honestbleeps.com)
[Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://reddit.honestbleeps.com)
[Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://reddit.honestbleeps.com)

[Request] We are a very poor couple and would love some hot food tonight.
This is my first post ever, I'm not totally sure how this site works. Anyways, I found this subreddit and thought you guys might be able to help us. My fiance and I... well, we're poor. We live in my mom's (finished) basement. He hasn't had work in 3 weeks and had to give his truck away. We also have a sweet 8 month old baby boy, who makes me smile every day. I am breastfeeding, though, and I worry I'm not getting enough calories. 

We are in Michigan.
[Request] Today 3/2 is my 20th birthday! Spending it alone because girlfriend has classes and roommate is snowboarding... can I get some love?
At least I don't think I will be spending my 21st birthday alone... will I??!

thanks :)

EDIT: located in the Bay Area of California :)
[Request] starving student from Durham
Financially-strapped student who has not eaten anything yet today and is also faced with Tesco's closure due to the holiday. I am not expecting a whole bunch but maybe there is a kind soul out there that can help me out! Thanks! 
[request] Looking to BARTER digital work for pizza...
Hello all.

I'm looking to barter digital work for pizza.

Since there is a Domino's in town, and since they have an eGift system in place, they are my preferred pizza source. :-)

This work could be along the lines of...

    MS Office stuff

    website stuff

    digital art stuff

    digital audio stuff

    digital video stuff

    programming / scripting stuff

    tech support stuff

Basically, computer-related stuff. :-)

My guidelines are...

    nothing illegal (not looking for jailtime...)

    nothing NSFW (not looking for jailbait...)

    nothing unreasonable (imma not cloning teh Googelz for just a pizza...)

Feel free to pm with your projects, and we can go from there.

Thanks everyone.

Nom

[request] VA, Hey good folks, just feeling a little down, hoping to wag my tail at a pie.
Papa johns has a 9.99 offer for mondays. I have a little less than 5.00 to tip the driver. Thanks all, cool sub.

edit: womp
[REQUEST] help a girl out, it's been a hard couple of months.
I feel a little weird asking this as I don't really NEED a pizza but it's been a tough few months and the idea of cooking anything is just more than I can handle at the moment. I recently switched jobs and haven't had a day off since the end of September, had my boss basically tell me to fuck off regarding my scheduling and had a panic attack in the middle of my shift in front of customers. I'd love a pizza but simply cannot afford to order one. Anyone in the Portland, OR area want to help me out? I'll eat everything except for olives and pineapple.  
[Request] Dinner for 5, around 5pm?
I came across Reddit a few days ago and I hope that someone out there can help me surprise my family. My wife and I ended up losing our jobs, and things have been pretty hard for us. Last night I went without eating so that my children could eat. As a man, I feel like I'm failing my family and I'd like to give them a meal that isn't "instant". If anyone can make this happen, I will borrow my neighbors camera and make a video for you. Everyone will be home today at 5:00 PM EST. We are in Plainfield, New Jersey.
(request) having hard times, just want a plain cheese pizza.
just having hard times, really want a cheese pizza.
[request] Hi.
Not going to lie, I honestly want to see if RAOP is what everyone says it is. Also Pizza is delicious.
    
PS I live in New Brunswick, Canada.
[Request] Tired, working for six days and full time student. 
I'm just looking for a pizza tonight since it's the one night I worked a day shift instead of closing, and I decided to stay in so that I could get some decent sleep. Thanks!
[Request] Suburbs of Chicago, IL. Really craving a pizza.
Me and my girlfriend are too broke to afford a pizza and are really craving one. Grilled cheeses aren't really doing it for us.

Will pay it forward as soon as I can.

Thanks.
[REQUEST] Indie game developer, working all night. Would like some food! Will send the gifter a copy of our game once it's released! :)
[This is the game - a year old version anyway](http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=108111747)
Note: I'm in Hungary, pizza place accepts credit/debit cards.
[REQUEST] SE Idaho - Wanna Surprise my Father
So, here is my story. I am a 19 year old college student that has been trying to get various jobs for 5 years now. My town is at a low point for a while and even getting hired at McDonalds is a competition between young kids and elders. This, however, is beside the point.

I want to surprise my dad with his favorite Large Cheese Pizza from Pizza Hut. I want to do this because he recently quit smoking. This is pretty big as my family as a huge history of addiction. He quit drinking 2 years ago after 3 years of nearly killing himself. He has liver cirrhosis and if he cannot get a transplant within 6 years, he is guaranteed to die. So, I want to reward him for cleaning himself up and being strong for the rest of our family. If someone can help, that would be great. I have seen some awesome things done here, and you are all fantastic.

Thank you
[Request] Doing a ton of Latin homework. Need gluten free fuel. Don't have anything gluten free.
No sob story here. Just a hungry kid in college with not a lot of money and a lot of homework. (I have to translate 70 lines of Ovid love poetry. HELP ME OUT.
[REQUEST] Geneva,OHIO Pregnant &amp; My Partner's a Crazy Vegan Health Nut
living with a crazy vegan health nut who thinks our baby should only eat tofu and wheatgrass and green smoothies with Chia seeds. My baby wants to EAT ALL THE PIZZA! I decided to leave it up to fate...that's where you come in. SOMEONE PLEASE GET THE PREGNANT LADY A PIZZA!
[Request]Doing it rough. Paying off debt from failed attempt at my own business. Job pays monthly.  No cash until I am paid in 3 days. Would love a pizza tonight. (Australia)
Hi RAoP

As the title suggests, I have been doing it tough over the last few months.  I am knee deep in debt from being screwed by my partner while trying to start a business.  My current job pays monthly and I am a few days out from being paid but due to some unforeseen vet bills this month, I have found myself without much money or food for the last 2 weeks.  
Tonight, I will be having another meal of rice and peas, which I have been surviving on since my cats incident (she is fine now, thankfully) and I am dieing for something nice for a Sunday night.  If there is a kind internet stranger out there who feels like helping someone who has been going through a rough time over the last few months, it would make my entire year!  When I get paid I'll be happy to come visit again to pass the karma on to someone else who needs it. 
I live in Australia, if that makes a difference.

[REQ] Oh powerful pizza Gods, bestow upon me your deliciousness! I haven't much to give in return but lets barter!
  I do have a couple XBOX games I dont play anymore. Halo 4 and Far Cry 3
[request] Ontario, Canada. Lost my job, stuck home sick, hungry.
Hi RandomActsOfPizza, 

So, I'm having a terrible weekend. I got given a weeks notice at my "job" last week, and other places I've been talking to aren't calling me back. I'm going to run out of money soon, and now I've spent the last three days at home sick, and I am not even going to get my last couple days pay if I can't get well enough to go to work. I had my phone stolen a month ago, and my computer has nearly completely stopped working(and the warranty service has been ignoring me for two months), I'm not sure if I can post this without it freezing again. 
RAOP, I'm tired, and hungry, and sick, and so discouraged. Would any kind soul be able to help me out?

Thanks so much.
[Request] Hartford, CT - Single guy, just been dumped and fired in a weeks period.  Need to catch a break
So, yeah, as the title reads, I've had one hell of a week.  I had a job as a clerical assistant in the East Hartford area for about 2 months, essentially doing scrub work, and thought everything was going well, until out of the blue on Tuesday, they fired me without a real reason.  I've since been on a few job interviews, but this economy is killing everything up here, and I'm getting scared.

As a cherry on top of my already wonderful week, my girlfriend of 2 1/2 years left me, saying we've been moving in separate directions for some time now.  I think this is code for she's been fucking everyone in town behind my back, but who knows.

So Reddit, I come to you on my knees, looking for a little help.  I know how sad and pathetic it sounds, but a pizza would help erase the memory of this week, but I just don't have the means to go out and buy one now, since I'm unemployed, paying both sides of my rent, utilities and misc. expenses. 
[Request]Columbia, SC. Two chicken breasts and $0.96 til Friday.
It's been a very tight two weeks, and the wife and I are approaching Friday with a very empty wallet.  We have enough gas in the car to get to and from work, but not enough fuel for our bellies.  We're rocking a solid two chicken breasts in the freezer - adequate for one night's dinner.  We're sitting pretty on a whopping ninety-six cent til Friday morning, and getting desperate as to what we're doing for dinner Wednesday or Thursday.

And then I heard about RAOP.  I promise to whomever helps my wife and I in our time of need that we will pass the good fortune on come Friday.

Thank you for reading this, and thank you for browsing this amazing subreddit.
[Request] Lost job, broke until final paycheck.
Lost my job on Monday and after my beginning of month bills were paid I'm completely broke until Friday when my final paycheck will come in.

Omaha, NE, there is a Pizza Hut and a Godfather's Pizza nearby that deliver. I believe there should also probably be a Papa Johns as well somewhere nearby that would deliver here.
[Request/Trade] Down on my luck, will trade 8-Bit drawings for some pizza!
[Imgur album!](http://imgur.com/a/pZ1PB)

I make these in my free time and would love to share them with someone for a pie! I do not use graph paper anymore so there are no noticeable lines, and the best part is that I will literally send these anywhere!
I'll even do other characters from other NES games. (No customized ones though, I'm not that good.)
Thanks for your help!

*EDIT
Forgot to mention that these are cutouts. Hang them in your room if you want!
[REQUEST] Just a real shit week, haven't had pizza in months.
I just want a little something to brighten the week up, and I'm getting pretty damn sick of ramen every day.

Pretty terrible week altogether, culminating in running out of gas on the highway last night with no money. Met with a few very nice strangers at a gas station a few hours later who knew a police officer that paid for a few gallons that got me home.
[Request] Pizza for boyfriend and I [VT students]
Hi, typical broke college kids here. Boyfriend and I have been really struggling the past week and after catching up on the bills for this month have little under $1 in our bank account.. We were hoping for a random act of pizza to hold us over until my check clears tomorrow so we can actually get groceries. Really appreciate any help!!
[Request] really need a pizza (UK)
I live in bristol stoke gifford and really need a pizza. I need a pizza because i really need to make my sister happy again shes kind of depressed and i know how much she loves pizza so this would be perfect treat for her. Her favourite type is meat pizza but others will do fine. 
Thanks :)
[Request] Family down on luck would love some pizza 
Hi we are a family of 6 and would love some pizza tonight . My husband has been out of work since october due to an auto accident , we get a check once a month towards lost wages but it doesn't go to far . We're hoping he can get back to work soon , but for now the roof over our head is more important than food in the fridge. we live in upstate NY , can provide proof . Thanks in advance.
[Request] California: My dad passed away two weeks ago and I've been helping out my mom a lot. More broke than usual and will come back to get someone else a pizza when things are better next month.
My dad passed away on July 11th and I've been supporting my mom since her income was based on him. She was his caregiver. I've managed all of her financial issues lately, because she has a hard time asking others for help, so I've done everything from collecting donations on gofundme for the cremation costs and asking family and friends for money for her living costs for her. It has been exhausting. Plus she lives a few hours away so I've been shelling out so much in gas.

Meanwhile I started a new job and training hours were slim this past couple weeks. I also go to school; just an online class this summer, but normally full time. I'm not usually so broke, but this past month or so has been really rough. My wife and I would adore a pizza during this time! I would also be happy to come back and fund a pizza for someone else. 

Thanks for reading!
[Request] Hammonton, NJ - Pizza for my day off
I'm looking to get some pizza for my day off. I posted to /r/loans first, cause I would like to either pay the person back or pay it forward. I don't get paid until the weekend, so that's when I will be paying it back/forward.
 
I worked two 12 hour shifts back to back and I'm looking for some pizza to relax with. Thanks in advance if you can help :D

Edit: 1 day later, could still use some pizza. Sure hope I get paid today :s
[REQUEST] NY- pizza for a family in need
id really like to have a nice pizza dinner with my family. its been a long time. we had our house destroyed by the hurricane Irene. its still standing but not livable and were told we have to rebuild it. me, my husband and our four kids are staying with my sister. its really hard cuz we were struggling before (i was laid off a few mo ago) and now its just scary sometimes. im going to career centers and applying for jobs, but there just arent any. my husband takes OT when its available. our church is helping us but there are others who need much more and i dont want to take away from them.

we have food on the table. its usually not much more than boiled chicken and instant potatos but were managing. a pizza dinner would be an incredible treat. even my teen and pre-teen would sit down with us if there was pizza! if anyone can help, id be so happy.

thank you
[Request] Birthday tommorrow, work could be better
I turn 20 tommorrow and I don't think I'll work this week because I have to code documents (think identifying docs using a program). Well we don't have enough documents to do (DAMN YOU DIGITAL MEDIA!) so our boss tells my and my coworkers to go home and come back when we get a call. Last time that happened, they called us a week later, so we didn't work a whole week. 

Anyways, I love Pizza. It's my favorite food. And I live in Houston. 

Thanks! 

Edit: I'll give back when I have the money to spend on pizza. 
[Request] I would like to send some pizzas to the moderators of /r/NFL
I can't say that I've seen this before, but the moderators of /r/nfl have done a fantastic job for a long time.  They've kept the peace, created a subreddit that has gotten nothing but compliments on how it looks (one of the Reddit Admins swung by to give compliments) and have given an incredible amount of time and energy into the community and updating it.

I'm not sure if their are any regulars over there, but if there are I'm sure you know what a great job these guys have done.  I think offering these guys a pizza would be a great way to show thanks.

http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/about/moderators

There is a list of moderators.  I know off the top of my head that /u/napoleonBonerparts has had a huge role in making the sub looking the way it does, but there are many others that have done a fantastic job.

/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza I ask of you fine people to offer these moderators a pizza.  If you're not sure who to send one to, just ask or send a message, I'm sure they'll gladly direct you to a deserving moderator.

Thanks for your time, and if this is unorthodox, well, it is Random, isn't it?
[REQUEST] Broke, could really go for a pizza tonight. 
Unfortunately, chicken ramen doesn't hold a candle to a pizza. I could sure go for a pizza, will pay it forward as soon as possible. Thanks. 
[request] Torontonian missing the taste of pizza blinded by Egg sandwhiches.
for a week and a half now I've been surviving off of an egg a day, I just heard of this miraculous community service today, and ask some wealthy aristocrat to spare a few cents and allow me the delicious mouth party of one Pizzaville pizza, in my opinion the best pizza in Toronto.

Much love and respect
Hungry editor Worldmind.
[Request] My best friend and I just got to our friend's gathering and they'd eaten all the food. Help us out? Sydney, Australia
What a sad time.
[request] Would like to eat something besides lentils and rice tonight
Title kind of says it all, I haven't been able to make it to the grocery store in a while and I've been missing work due to illness so I'm a teensy tiny bit hella broke.

I will gladly trade a small custom embroidery for food, and/or pictures of my cat being a cat.
[Request] Looking for Something Good to Eat.
The girlfriend and I were sitting at home and after repeatedly checking the cabinets she decided she'd rather be hungry than eat any more Ramen. Personally I could eat the stuff every day for another couple of months, but she's a little more high maintenance than I am. We're in between checks and had a ticket (10 over) recently that got rid of nearly all my disposable income.
She'd deeply appreciate the gooey cheesy deliciousness and I really wouldn't mind myself! 
[Request]Upstate NY-Playing Dark Souls, could use some rage fuel aka pizza!
I'm just craving a pizza. Just figured I'd put up a request. Hanging out playing some Dark Souls tonight after watching it on a stream recently. If you've played it you know my pain.
[REQUEST] Poconos (PA) Single dad
My brother told me about this site a while ago. After looking at other entries, I'm blown away. I hope someone can extend their Random Acts of Pizza Kindness to my family and me.
I don't want to make anyone sad, but the side says to be honest. My wife was killed in a car accident a year ago last week. She was an amazing mother and wife. Readjusting has been really hard, but our kids are tough and are working through it. I have an amazing support system, but sometimes things just don't add up. My parents and her dad are incredible and do so much for us, but I hate asking them for help. They already do so much and it's really embarrassing not being able to give my kids something as small as pizza. Normally we do a "pizza" night once a month, but with school just starting, I'm coming up short. I hate asking for help, but it seems like a really open and friendly environment, so I'd like to try. I can't wait to pay it back next month. I'm thinking the kids can pick a contest and the winner. Thanking you from the bottom of my heart. Jim
[Request] Out of food, out of money (for now)
19-year old college student here, I have a grand total of 4 dollars in my bank account at the moment, and just ran out of all my food. Can somebody help me out here? I'm getting paid this week sometime and will definitely return the favor. Thanks in advance if anybody can save me here.
[Request] Tennessee Closing at work... again
Thought I'd ask for a pizza to make me feel better. I've been closing up at work for going on two weeks now, getting paid minimum wage and putting almost every cent toward rent next month. Coming home to a bowl of ramen and sleeping until time to do it all again is starting to wear on me. Anyone out there the kind of person who wants to give a random internet stranger[me] a pizza for troubles that, I'm sure, sound less troubling on a screen?
[Request] I have been craving Pizza for two weeks now and it was my birthday 4 days ago.
Hi, I am a married college student with no job or income, my wife doesn't have one either. Right now we have about 40 bucks to spend for the rest of the month until we get our school financial aid in the last week of August.

As I mentioned before it was my birthday a few days ago and no one bought me pizza :( sad day. On top of that I just went to go get the cheesecake my wife made for me for my birthday and someone ate it before I could. We are living with her parents at the moment because it is close to the school we both attend, but we recently moved here and haven't been able to find jobs yet, the only money we have been living on is the left over financial aid from last spring semester.

We can make it the rest of the month food wise, but not pizza wise. Without Pizza how will we survive?

EDIT: Location is around Sacramento California. 

Also our favorite type of Pizza is a deal from Papa Johns we regularly get when we have money that costs around 15-20 bucks. I can't remember the exact price.
[Request] Dad's house just got foreclosed on, would like to have Pizza instead of cup noodles again tonight... Or tomorrow.
Hey guys my name is Dwight I live in Kula, Hawaii and would like to have some pizza tonight or sometime this week. Last Friday I found out my dad's house which I live at is being foreclosed on. I didn't even know that that was going to happen. I'm pretty broke and I would really like a pizza if you guys are ok with giving me one. Ask me anything and thanks you guys are awesome!
[REQUEST] Just moved in with girlfriend! Low on funds, need food! (Kentucky)
Please help!
http://i.imgur.com/k4mZ7kR.png?1
[Request] Austin, Texas, Broke Guy In Need
Just trying to make it until payday this Friday. I came up short this week and need some help. Any help would be greatly appreciated! 
[Request] Trying again. I don't have a sob story. Just want a free pizza or one of those gift cards. 
I'm not poor or anything. I just really love pizza..... A lot. LOL.
[Request] UK, Salivating student seeks special slice
It's the last day of the holidays and I head back to Uni, UoB, this Monday. Will be travelling all day tomorrow to get back up North so this will be my last meal before heading up.
Any kind souls who feel up for helping me have a hot meal before driving all day would be loved eternally till the resurrection of FSM.

Thanks &lt;3
[Request] Lost my job today, Fuck me right?
I lost my job, I am not begging, but I will not lie, Pizza would be a good cheer-er up-er :)
[Request] Cardiff, Wales,UK, Girlfriend just left me after 4 years, not getting paid till Friday, pizza would really help me out right now!
So this is what happened (long story short)! My girlfriend rang me yesterday and said we needed to sort things out, went to meet her and she blurted out how she hasn't been happy for a while and that i'm not the same guy I used to be - dunno how i'm gonna get through this one, I loved her to bits.

To top it all off I don't get paid till friday and even then It will be a tiny amount, I don't do many shifts because I suffer from depression, all money goes on living and its never enough - some pizza would really perk me up right now in this dark times.

George
[Request] After 7 months of searching for a job after high school I found my first one. Would love to celebrate with pizza (TN, USA)
Financial situation is kinda bad, but I wish I could celebrate.
[Request, USA] First time.
Hi! This is my first time here. I've never actually posted before. Not entirely sure how this works, but I figured I'd give it a shot. I'm hungry, and a pizza would be awesome! Thanks to anyone that helps. 

[Request] Valparaiso, IN Husband &amp; I just spent literally all our money on buying a place to live and turning on the utilities, pizza would be a godsend!
My husband &amp; I have been living with family until our new place was ready for us to move in. After NIPSCO, water, moving trucks, storage bill, we are completely tapped out. We sent our two year old to my dad's since we didn't have much in the way of food. I don't get know when the food pantry is open around here, or else I would be there! Not too proud for that. We were just laying around, listing what food would hit the spot!
(Request) First time trying this...
I'm broke and sick of eating pasta. I just heard about this website, figured posting would be worth a shot. Saw that you guys like honesty so that's about it. I have food, it's just bland and been the same thing day after day.

anyway... I don't expect anyone will help but like I said, worth a shot.
Hungry after a unexpected tire replacement [request] DFW, TX
Freaking on my way home my tire pressure light came on and pulled into my dealer. Figuring that they just needed to put some air in a tire was expecting to be in and out. Two hours later i have to drop over $200 that wiped out my bank account, and now I'm home with an empty fridge and hungry. Any help would be awesome : ) 
[REQUEST] I just got fired and I don't have any money - Oklahoma City
I just got fired from my job and I'm broke. I don't have any money or food in my house, I've been eating bread and rice all week, and on top of that I signed a NC/NDA where I was fired from and I can't even get another job working on the same type of stuff that I know how to work on (fixing cell phones, computers, and mostly reballing PS3 and XBOX 360s) due to the NC/NDA agreement they had me sign. I'm not sure what to do and I'm really hungry, if someone could please send me something like pizza or foods coupon I would really appreciate it. Thanks
[Request] Was wondering if anyone would like to buy me a pizza before I go into work tonight
Yeah, that's pretty much it. I'd like to share a pizza with my roommates before going into work tonight at 11pm EST. I'm located in Hampton, NJ
[Request] Hook it up with that cheesy deliciousness just cause I'm not making up a sobbyy bullshit story
Shit ima get downvoted to hell. 
[REQUEST] Houston redditor just moved into a new apt and broke with no food in pantry
Title says it all if you could help I would love you forever!!
[Request] Ending over a year of unemployment
 I've been unemployed for a year and 2 months. Due to being unemployd, I've been living with my fiance's parents. It's been a long, hard road what with money issues and studying for my degree, but I was finally offered a part time job which is set to start on Feb. 28th.  

I'd love to get a pizza to celebrate the good news and the start of a new chapter with the people who've graciously opened their home to me and helped me out this long.  

As soon as I get my first paycheck, I'm buying a fellow reddior some pizza!  
  
  
I'm located in PR.  
Thanks for existing RAoP, you guys are amazing, I love seeing how generous people can be.
[Request] Stuck at work and haven't eaten
The title pretty much sums it up. I am stuck at work for a 15 hour shift and wasn't able to eat breakfast. I can't afford to get anything for myself due to recent bills. Any help would be greatly appreciated! I have a Domino's near me; I think that's everything I needed, thanks for reading.
[REQUEST] From Melbourne Australia. Sister was in charge of cooking dinner...
sister was so engrossed watching game of thrones (understandable excuse) that she didn't hear the buzzer for the oven, luckily i heard the smoke alarm. please help two broke, hungry students trying to get through a freezing Melbourne downpour and enjoy some Game of Thrones.
[Request] Empty pantry. Empty stomach.
I don't really have a sad story or anything to tell, I'm just exhausted and forgot to get groceries.

I've been working my retail job for the last few days straight.  I got off my shift today and made the mistake of getting comfy.  I completely forgot to grab food before heading home.  Other than toasted bread and tap water, my options for dinner are moot.  If someone would be willing to save this tired man a trip out and order some Pizza in my place, you will have firmly restored the faith in humanity that being a retail servant has taken from me.
[REQUEST] American Online Poker Pro Needs to Eat!
Most of my money has been frozen online since April 15th and the rest of it is just about cleaned out from the past 2 months. I'm running out of things to eat for dinner and was wondering if any kind humans would like to help out for a night.
{Request} Home &amp; Half Pay - Penniless on the Hard 
Hello, Pizza Gods? Are you there? It's me, OmNomdePlum. 
I am but a humble tall ship sailor, which as you well know, in this day in age means I've taken vows of voluntary poverty. Teaching children how to sail an 18th century ship is well and good - however there's a point where one realizes that it's not paying the bills. 

So, having recently returned from life on the high seas, I find myself working my arse off to pay the sudden onslaught of bills that I've returned to, which leaves little for food stuffs. I've applied for work at the Seattle Art Museum (they have some awesome exhibitions coming in), but should I get this job, I won't see positive pay off well into next month. 

Thus, Pizza Gods.. here I am, a sailor with a roof, but no nom'ibles. Please, if it is within your power to do so, send me a sign - an omen of good will that will get me through the night, and hopefully tomorrow - I'll find out if I get that job tomorrow or not.

In the name of the Godfather, the Caesar &amp; the long lost, but not forgotten Domino mascot, I pray. 

Amen. 
[Request] Indiana. Money is tight, would love to relax tonight and eat a pizza :)
Poor college student who would love a pizza! A night off from homework, just relaxing and watching a movie with a pizza would be awesome :)
[REQUEST] Minnesota Broke college student who just went through his last bag of ramen.
Hey guys! This is my first post on here and I wanted to tell you that people like you restore my faith in humanity. I am a broke college student who is working his way through college. My family supports me, but can not give me money at this time.  I work a full time job at a minimum wage place just to get my tuition and rent. Things are a little tight for money since the new school year is coming up. So i came to you guys who might have a little extra money to throw at us poor people. I could really use a hot pizza from where ever and it would be much appreciated! Thanks! 
[REQUEST] (Brookfield, MA) Just got done with my morning workout, would DIE for a Pizza!
Walked around town about 4 times, did some squats and pushups. No money until next week for groceries. We have food but only bread and whatnot. A Pizza or 2 would make me and my family too happy! :D

zacknormandin@gmail.com
[Request] Making a doom (2?) map for a pizza. (CA)
Hi /Random_Acts_Of_Pizza, I design doom maps in my spare time[reddiquette](http://www.reddit.com/help/reddiquette)  and I thought it'd be fun (and yummy!) to make a map or two for pizza. So just leave some details on a map you'd like me to make, I usually map in boom format so pretty much any source port should run it. If you have a midi in mind for me to use post it! (No mp3s please. I think boom might run ogg but I'm not sure). Also I'm a bit of a slaughter mapper, so I might go a biiiiit heavy on the mob count. I don't intend on spending more than a week on the map, so nothing too big.


And just to plug my projects a bit:

[newgothic](http://www.doomworld.com/idgames/?id=16238)

[shai'tan's luck](http://www.doomworld.com/idgames/?id=15945)

I've also done a map for Plutonia Revisited and 2 in the 1994 redux project.

[expect something like this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4BNYCR3rSMY)


[not like this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgmG9dMJNbQ)
Request: Time to come clean, I'm running on fumes
Hey all,

My life is in the gutter right now.  I've been trying to find a job while trying to take night classes, but neither are working out very well at this point.

I've got a little bit of my reserves left, but that has to last me for the unforeseeable future, and I don't know when or where my next job will come from.

I know it may sound a little sad, but I've forgotten what pizza tastes like, it's been so long since I've had any.  And being transplanted from Chicago, this is not a good feeling.

Anyone have it within themselves to help me out?
[Request] Just a kid with an empty stomach in Dallas Texas
It always hurts me to ask others for help. 
I'm at my fathers apartment right now. Today is his first day at a new job, thank the lord! Well, he left today and I don't know what time he will come home. His job is to help people move, so I doubt he'll be home anytime soon. He found this job after months of unemployment, so there's not much in our fridge other than cold franks. A hot pizza would really hit the spot for me right about now. I made this throw-away account because I have friends who frequent Reddit, and I would not want them to see me in despair. Thank you in advance, Reddit.

Tl;dr
Dad left for new job. At apartment alone. Nothing in fridge. 
[Request] Pizza in the Baltimore Area Sunday or Monday please- help me say thank you to a friend.
hey there- I have a special request. Sunday afternoon I am driving from NH to Baltimore to see a lupus/antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) specialist at John's Hopkins as APS is pretty rare and I have been pretty sick recently and getting worse, not better. 

A friend I actually met through a couch surfer I hosted has become like a surrogate dad to me and is flying here from California to drive me down- he is an incredible person and I owe him my life. He does so much for me and has agreed to drop everything to make sure I get the care I need to get well. 

Anyhow, he is paying for everything for this trip- including the visit if I can't get any financial aid help (have submitted an application) as I don't have insurance. I can't tell you how blessed I am to have this man in my life. 

Other than gratitude I have nothing to offer him as I am very broke due to my illness keeping me from working despite trying desperately to get well enough to resume my career. 

Can anyone arrange to have a pizza delivered to where we are staying either Sunday night when we are due to arrive or Monday for after my appointment? I think he would appreciate it and I know I would more than words could say!

I am still not sure where we are staying yet or exactly when we are arriving but I can let the giver know the exact details as soon as I know. I am hoping to stay Sunday with a friend from high school in nearby Elkhorn but if not it will be a hotel close to JHMC. Subsequent days will definitely be in a hotel (I will be outpatient, not in patient). 

Many thanks for even reading and considering this!
[request] I've got $2 and I'm out of food, any help for an NCSU student?
Pretty much what's in the title. Help is greatly appreciated.

-Max

*
[Request] [UK] My mum's away for two weeks, no food in the house...
Girlfriends coming over in an hour or so who also has no money but is expecting to eat something. I could really do with any amount of food someone will be willing to give. This is the last week we will have together before we go to either sides of the country for university. Would also be more than happy to post pictures afterwards! Thanks in advance.
[Request] Broke college student. Haven't eaten today and wont.
Im between jobs and spent the last of my money on my medication. Im uninsured so it robbed me broke. I will return the favor on the 16th, it's my next paycheck. Or I also start a job tomorrow, so possibly with tips if they don't drag my training on. I. Am. Starving. First time here so im not one hundred how it works. 
[Request] Just another person stuck at home on Thanksgiving
I got left behind this year.  My brother went to his friend's house.  My parents went to New York.  I was told my sister would be having a Thanksgiving dinner at her apartment, but that didn't happen.  So now it's just me and my dog with the house to ourselves.  I got some Hot Pockets in the freezer, but it seems kind of sad to eat that on Thanksgiving.  

Also, I guess I should include a location.  Santa Clarita, CA.
[Request] Pickpocketed in New Orleans. (Florida)
So, basically, I am a college student back from spring break.  I had my entire wallet stolen, so I have no credit or debit cards or any cash on hand to buy food.  Nothing in the fridge either. If anyone could help me out, I would happily pizza it foward when my cards come in the mail. Thanks Reddit!
[REQUEST] California - Broke up with my GF of 2 years
yeah im bummed...idk what to say...i just want a warm dominos pizza to help take my minds of things...
[Request] Louisiana Native here. Pizza would be appreciated...
Louisiana native here. My bike broke down and I had to spend money to get it repaired at my shop... that being said, I'm broke now. I don't get paid until Wednesday so a pizza would really help keep me from going hungry for the next 3 days. 
[Request] Bills paid, rent due tomorrow, food money non existent
Just got everything paid off for the month, which rocks; unfortunately we're screwed till Friday for food.

Everett, Washington, some pizza would be kick ass thanks in advance!
[Request] I forgot my wallet at home [Washington, D.C.]
Hi, Reddit:

I have no idea if my reason is considered a proper reason for asking for a pizza, so forgive me if this seems like a lame request, haha.  

I forgot my wallet at home this morning and went to work.  Now I'm in the office and I don't have lunch.  Would really like a small pizza or just a slice to tide me over until I can go home tonight.  


(Request) Just laid off, car broke down, would love a pizza
Hey guys,

My story is no where as bad as everyone else's on here, but I would love to catch a break from someone if they are willing and able.

I was laid off last week from my job of 5 years, they are downsizing, which I guess means my boss is taking a bigger paycheck this year and I was expendable.

For the cherry on top, my old '93 Honda Civic broke down on me, it's sitting in the shop, and I don't want to pay for that POS to be fixed, but I have no other offers.

I'm a single guy, no girlfriend or wife or children that I know of, so I don't have a lot of mouths to feed, but I would love to at least stuff my face with something greasy and warm tonight and wallow in my sorrows.

Thanks reddit, you guys are all awesome.  
[Request] I will produce someone an original instrumental for a pizza!
I have been producing for over two years now with Ableton Live.  Some of my previous works can be heard here: www.soundcloud.com/djlactose

Just let me know what kind of music you'd like me to make for you in exchange.  I'm open to doing remixes as well.  

I'm going to college in Colorado.  Let me know!
[Request] Will do free Web Design work for a Pizza right now
It's a hungry day at the office (i'm self employed) and i'd be willing to do some web design work for you to show my immense gratitude. I can most likely complete whatever kind of project you need.

[request] will trade $40 Mrs Fields giftcard for pizza
Please let me know if you could help me out.
Broke college student starving alive in his apartment.
[Request] Ottawa, On. Broke University student studying for finals. Pizza would be a godsend right now.
I'm sure this sub-reddit gets this kind of story a lot, but I'm a university student with about forty dollars to my name until Christmas studying for finals season that starts on Saturday. 

I've also been looking for a job for the last month and a half to no avail, a pizza would really brighten my mood right now. 

Thanks for hearing me out. 
[Request] Starving in Orlando, no money til tomorrow
Hey guys, long time lurker who wishes she could contribute but never has the money. :( Hoping someone out there can ease the wait to get my school refund with a nice hot pizza. I'm in the Winter Park area of Orlando, any other details will be provided via private message. Thank you for those that read this, even if you do not contribute. 
[REQUEST] Hawkes Bay, New Zealand!
needing pizza to help feed my 3 young cousins and keep them quiet so I can focus on the RWC! Can anyone help?
[Request] St. Paul, MN USA Would love to have pizza for Grandpa's 70th birthday
Pretty much what what the title says. Grandpa was espically great to me, always gave until it hurt. Cannot afford dinner out for him so I would love to surprise him. 
[Request]Travelled more than 5000KM to uni (UK) abroad. Am already running low and no food in my house :( 
So yeah I flew in on the 17th and am out of the processed food I bought from Sainsburys. Money has not come in and I have popcorn left for dinner.
Student life is hard and sad :(
[REQUEST] Dog sitting in a different city. Family didn't leave any food in their kitchen. 
EDIT: There was a change of plans and I am leaving tonight, so I no longer need a pizza. I'll just eat when I get home.


I posted yesterday under r/randomactsofpizza yesterday because I didn't know about this one before hand

I'm over in Port Orchard, WA dog sitting for some people, and I was under the impression they were going to leave me some food to eat. They aren't coming back until very late tonight and until then I don't have many options until they pay me.

What I can offer is a picture of me, the dog, and the pizza as soon as I get home on Tuesday.

A pepperoni pizza would be a great lunch and dinner for me, and I would really appreciate one. Danke danke sehr. 

Lindsey
[Request] No money because of healthcare costs :(
Made this account because I'm one of them lurker folk :P I broke my arm and didn't have insurance (couldn't afford) so now I'm in a bad boat :( Anything will be appreciated, even a gift card for like 5$ or something!
[REQUEST]Help with pizza for kids sleepover.(Ohio)
My kids &amp; my friend's kids are having a sleepover Friday night at my house. I'd love to treat them to a couple of pizzas since it's a rare treat for all of them. I'm unemployed &amp; my friend is on SSI. If anyone would like to help the kids would be thrilled! It's their last sleepover before school starts. 
[request] pizza in Bend Or in celebration of heli pilots license!
Just passed the last check ride in order to get my License next week, Big day! anyway it's all paid for through the military, so I don't have a job/money to by my own Pizza. if your in Bend or want to come to Bend I will give you a ride in a helicopter, for free.
[Request] [UK] Just started a new job Pizza would be amazing.
After not having a job for 3 months finally got a new one "Junior Role Out Engineer" for the Ministry of Justice, Into my 2nd week now, but do not get paid until 30th September.

Have no spare money at the moment to treat myself, get paid at the end of the month, Pizza would be awesome.
[REQUEST] Fort Wayne, IN Starving and beyond broke.
Just paid to have my bank account fixed, and paid rent! Had to use all of my birthday money for bills and such. I am STARVING! I have no cash left, and no food until Weds. and I mean noooo food! I am willing to order a pizza for someone as soon as I get paid on April 30th! Will provide photograph of bank account to show you how poor I am! 
[Request] Pizza please ?!?!?!
Not in the mood to cook, have a lot of stuff going on and dinner won't be ready til ten pm So please help me out with a pizza :)
[Request] Broke, hungry college student.
Hey, I just got off work (11:37pm EST) and have tons of Lab reports to do and a quiz to study for in the morning. Also the paychecks at my work didn't go through this weekend, due to veteran's day on friday, so I wont get paid until tomorrow. I have no money and no time to prepare the scraps I have. Would greatly appreciate a pizza and can pay it forward once my check goes through tomorrow!
[REQUEST] Pizza for /r/frugal redditor katehawk910. 
[This posting](http://www.reddit.com/r/Frugal/comments/iad11/what_can_i_do_to_survive_really_strapped_for_cash/) by redditor katehawk910 makes it sound like his/her situation could use some pizza lovin' to alleviate the money he/she would have to spend on food. I'm at work at the moment, are there any other redditors who would be able to help this person out?
[REQUEST] UK | Help me feed my pregnant girlfriend
She can't stop eating! She keeps nibbling on chocolate and snacks, her favourite is.. you guessed it, pizza! 
[Request] Defiance, Ohio--- Starving Artist in Dire Need of Pizza
Hey guys, I haven't quite gotten on my feet (i.e. found employment) after spending the summer on the road before my band broke up a couple months ago.  I'm sitting in an empty apartment with a laptop and a can of cream of shrimp soup.  (Oh ramen, how I miss you.)  
SOOOOO, if someone would be kind enough to help me out with a delicious pizza, I'd be more than happy to write and record a little ditty thanking them.  Not that that's worth much, but...it'd be fun?
(Request) Hungry, and depressed man in W.I could use a Pizza.
The last few weeks have sucked and I could use a pick me up. A pizza would actually make my day.
REQUEST: Los Angeles! Starting my business, would love a pizza. Let's make a deal.
Starting a personalized songwriting business. It's going to turn into a community for songwriters and listeners to interact and coordinate the creation of a personalized song. Ideally, it's going to forever close the gap between the songwriter and listener, and give struggling, talented songwriters an opportunity to bring happiness to anyone in need of a song, for anything; but I've got a lot of work to do before then.

I probably won't have enough for rent this month, but my landlord's anniversary is coming up and I'm writing a song for his wife, in exchange for letting me be a week late. This leaves the unfortunate angle of food. I'm all out of bread.

Instead of just asking for a pizza, let's make this a symbiotic relationship. I will write a song about whatever you want. (Literally.) It will be catchy, awesome, and recorded in the form of a high quality mp3, in exchange for a delicious ham and pineapple pizza. I'll even submit it to you before you send a pizza, if you're wary about the deal.

If you're interested in hearing about my business, I'm funding Step 1 through kickstarter.com. [Here's the link to that](http://kck.st/pgKaih) Back me, or send it to a friend you think might be interested in a personalized song. 

Otherwise, pizza for a song. Savvy?

If you want to hear some samples of what I do, check www.soundcloud.com/thallett (not sure why it's not linking...) out.

Thanks!

[REQUEST] Galway, Ireland, Birthday fail
Well this has been a let down and a half of a birthday. I'm 35, and sat at home on my computer watching my 3 year old daughter. The missus is 39 weeks pregnant and bedridden with blood pressure issues that had her in hospital for two weeks. There's no possibility of a celebration or even friends popping by as my work recently changed shift patterns and my mates are all on nights. Deciding to at least salvage something from the day i decided to defrost the freezer and threw my back out moving it to get at the power point. The final topping? Payday is 3 days away and i can't even order a takeaway for us this evening, resulting in me having to hop around like a bloody screaming ape to make food. Help me Reddit, you're my only hope!

(re-posted to fix the header, apologies)
[Request] Madison WI, Could really use a pizza
I just had to pay almost $700 bucks to get my car fixed (Blown hoses, clogged fuel injector, and new spark plug wires) That was all of my grocery money, plus all of my savings until I get paid next week. If someone could help me out, you have my word I would pay it forward 3 fold. 
[Request] UK, could do with a pizza
If anyone could spare me a pizza it would be appreciated,

Student here

i moved into a flat 2 months ago and am still trying to get to a stage where i can budget out my money properly
i just had to pay off a water bill so im without and decent food until Monday.
[Request] Broke student. I have little money and no food to last me for a week and a half.
Proof: http://imgur.com/7UrIW

Any size pizza from any pizza chain will be highly appreciated!

Thank you!
[REQUEST] Toronto Ontario. Broke student could use a pie :]
Just finished up the last of my classes and running low on funds. Looking for full time employment now that summer started to support myself.

In the mean time I am getting a bit hungry and could use a pizza,  anything would do. I made a throw away so my friends/family don't know my financial situation at the moment because I really hate asking for handouts. Im willing to provide my actual account via pm and repay the favor to you or set uo my own offer once I'm working full time.

Thank you for your timw
[REQUEST] Very broke and very hungry
I get paid Wednesday, but ran out of food yesterday.  I'm not sure exactly how this works, but I figured I'd give it a try because, well, I'm getting pretty hungry.  It doesn't have to be much, but I would really appreciate a little help to get me through until Wednesday.  Thank you.
[REQUEST] A pizza for a good friend.
One of my good friends has recently been kicked out of his dad's house. He's 19, and has no where to go. I guess he's been staying in the parking lot of the store by my house, and he finally just mustered up the courage to ask for a warm bed for a few nights. My mom and I have such a bed, but we have very little funds. We've been living off free bagels and bananas for a while now. I can keep going off of that but I know my friend could really use something more special. I don't think he's actually eaten for a couple days. Anyways, I'm in Boise Idaho, and he'll be staying the night tonight. He's already really appreciative of the bed, but doesn't know I'm trying to do this. I'm working right now, but when I get my paycheck I'll be sure to pay it forward. If anyone can help out, it would mean the world to me, and him. Thanks for being an awesome subreddit.
[REQUEST] Broke College Student @ Home
hey,
im a engineering major (recently changed from cultural studies) and am visiting my grandparents in florida. Im not exactly broke but I need the rest of my money to travel back to college, and I want the pizza to be a surprise for my grandparents to show my gratitude for their contribution to my tuition. I have a verification code, and although Im a new account, will do anything to verify my need.

thanks,
charliej
{Request} redditor in Leicester, England got hit by a couple of large bills would love a little bit of help today! 
Basically I am a university student and I was hit by an unexpected utility bill and a requirement to pay a retainer on the property that I am moving in to next year for over the summer...these two things have cleaned me out! I am flying out to America with an organisation that places us in summer camps on the 16th but until then I have only 49 pence in my account! If any kind redditor can assist, let me know...

[Request] North Canton, OH. Absolutely broke from vet bills keeping my wiener dog going.
Well, my super awesome wiener dog hurt his back pretty bad a few weeks ago and the vet bills have pretty much wiped me out. I have some ramen laying around but I sure would love an actual meal. I'll gladly pay it forward this friday when I get paid. Thank you so much in advance!
[Request] Broke college student in need of food
typical hungry college student stuck at home without money. I just got a job but I probably won't get paid until another week. I will pay you back or pay a pizza forward if you wish!
[Request] Broke and stomach is growling, hoping maybe a kind soul will send me some pizza! 
Pretty much what the title says, I'm broke, my fridge is empty until Friday, and pancakes are really starting to get old. Hoping maybe one of you kind folks will send me some pizza to get me through the evening. 

thanks in advance if you do! <U+2665>
{Requesting} Not for me, for a friend in Georgia
I can't believe I never found Reddit before today, I've been wasting my life on 4chan -_- Things are a lot more awesome here.

So I heard you can request pizza here, well I just bought $200 worth of groceries yesterday so I'm good. I wanna repay a favor to a friend I've known for a very short time, but he's done a lot for me in that time.

I lost my job a while back and started posting up my stuff for sale online. He's been a godsend to me, he's bought stuff from me on multiple occasions and helped me eat when I wouldn't have been able to otherwise. He lives an hour away and he travels down here to buy from me and even takes me to the grocery store so I don't have to waste money on a cab! I've known the guy less than 2 months and he's already been more awesome than anyone else has been to me in probably my whole life.

He's been sweating some bills due this week, but even though he was strapped he helped me out big time earlier this week. I had to notarize my I-9 for my new job and get my driver's license renewed. He spent 5 hours on Tuesday not only taking me to the DMV and the notary, but he did it with money out of his own pocket. I tried to pay him back yesterday but he wouldn't let me, he said he did it out of friendship. The mans struggling to pay his bills this week and he helped make sure I could get back on my feet at long last, now that's a friend.

He's got 2 kids under the age of 7 he's in his late fifties no less, so the man is definitely a warrior in my mind. I won't start getting paid for a few more weeks, but he's had it rough the past few days and still put me before himself. I wanna thank him but I had to buy three weeks worth of food yesterday in one sitting, plus pay for the cab ride, so I'm  fresh out of dough. It never even crossed my mind to send him a pizza until I wandered on here. He can't very well turn down dinner when it arrives at his door free of charge, so that's what I wanna do.

Anyone think they can spot me a gift card so I can send him some dinner tonight or tomorrow? He's been awesome to me these past few months, he even overpaid me for some of the things he bought because he knew I needed the money. This would be a small drop in the bucket but I wanna pay him back for some of his kindness at least. I don't mind coming back in three weeks and returning the favor, I'm gonna be set making 14 an hour at this job, but he could use this right now, I know he could. So pretty please, will someone help me make this man's day?

I don't have many friends, and finding a best friend at such a low point really saved my life. I can't ever repay him for all of it, just some of it, and this is how I wanna start.
[Request] Pizza for two, Northwest Chicago, IL
Hey there Reddit. Things haven't been going right for the next few days. My [roommate and best friend](http://imgur.com/ALJUP) started having suicidal thoughts a few days ago, and ended up checking herself into the ER for observation. I've just paid off rent, two weeks late, and have no money until Thursday. And my younger sister came over today because she keeps getting sick at her apartment, which means there's two mouths to feed and not much food to go around.

I'm lonely, sad, and worn down and I'm hoping that some pizza and silly tv shows might turn that around. Thing is, there's no pizza currently. If anyone is willing to donate some I would be insanely grateful. 

Thanks in advance.
[REQUEST] Starving Student, Financial Aid has been delayed and my familys broke until OCT. Pizza would be incredible. (CALI)
My first time posting here so I thought I'd try it out. I've been broke from putting money into my gas tank for the 40 minute drive to school. On top of that my Financial Aid got delayed and my girlfriend (and we're no longer together) left for school this week. Broke and alone :( 

Thanks for reading
[REQUEST] It's been a trying week for me and my nerd herd (3 kids) and pizza would really cheer us up.  - Rochester, NY
Ok, so I feel super weird doing this, but our week could really use a bright spot. I'm a single Dad of three of the greatest junior geeks you could ask for. After a week filled with bad news, we decided tonight we're all just going to huddle up together in the living room and watch Back to the Future and I would love to surprise them with pizza. 

I'm willing to offer up any verification you would like, and of course verify with a thank you post and PM to the mods.

We're not going to starve without the pizza, so if you see someone nerdier, please help them first. But if you can spare, it would bring some major smiles to my home. Thanks for reading this!

Edit: Blerg...that should have said needier above, not nerdier. I'm not sure you will find nerdier people. :-)


[req] first fathers day with out a father.  Just need a little light.
EDIT: Disregard, girl invited me to BBQ.  See you in a month, I'll still send out the pizzas.

All alone on fathers day sucks more than I thought it would.  I don't need much, just a small cheese from someone who cares to cheer me up.  I don't have enough $ for pizza and the gas I'll need to work my shitty job.  

I've never done this before but if I get something I'll send out two pizzas next month in your honor.
[Request] Would like to eat tonight, but if it's too late, tomorrow would be nice.
First things first, this is a sock puppet account.

Second things second, I do have a reputable **real** account and I will talk to you on that account if you private message me first on this one. I'm the creator/mod of a top 50 most active subreddit (according to [subredditfinder](http://subredditfinder.com/)). It's also in the top 100 in most subscribed, fastest rising, and other categories. The reason why I even mention this is so you know I'm a real redditor and not some random outsider trying to exploit your generosity. I'm not using my real account name for reasons I will thoroughly explain if you IM me. Even if you don't plan on helping me.

Finally, what I **can** explain here in the open is this: I've lost 15lbs in ~1 week due to not eating. I've lost my appetite because of a major life crisis, but now as I'm trying to get back into the swing of things I need to be strong but severe loss of financial stability (i think the technical term is being broke as fuck) means that I'm starting to break down physically, and that will jeopardize my ability to get back on track with my life.

I would actually prefer groceries (maybe milk, bread, or eggs), but I know thre is no Random_Acts_of_Balanced_Nutrition out there. I don't even know if I can get food stamps by now, and even if I can it might be too late. Either way, I would appreciate pizza just as much.

Anyways, I realize that I am rambling, but I'd be more than glad to explain my full situation to anyone that cares. I just don't want to make this post searchable by a particular person for reasons I will explain.

If this sounds shady, I completely understand. But again, I will be more than glad to give full details in PM; info which can easily be verified.

Just don't contact me with a sockpuppet account. I don't want some troll to go and fuck me over with the sensitive info I give them. We can talk 1-on-1 with our legit accounts.
Request I don't get paid till tomorrow, but I'm hungry today!
I would really appreciate a free pizza, I don't know if it works this specifically, but Pizza hut is the closest to my house. If not that, then Papa Johns. Please and thank you ahead of time, Keesha
[Request] Taking a chance here. I have never done anything like this before. (Medford MA)
I hope I am doing this correctly. I do not have any  tear jerker story. Husband is working a double , children got their shots today and I would love to get pizza for them, it's not within our budget Thank you for taking the time consider my request We are a family of 5 but all i really care about if if the children are treated since they were quite brave. I will treat others to some pizza when my budget sees fit.
[REQUEST] Columbus mom could use some aid.
To whom it may concern,

Hi there, my name's Melissa. I'm a 22 y/o mom/student at Ohio State. Things have been going well in school, but with summer classes the bills have been building up. I haven't had a chance to go to the store and my son has been asking for pizza all week. I hate to deny him but pizza is so cost-ineffective for me it's hard to say yes and not feel a bit guilty afterwards. If anyone would be willing to help out a good cause I'd appreciate it.
[REQUEST] Broke and sons hungry (KY)
Hey guys. I hate to ask for hep but Im kinda going through a rough time atm. I'm a single mom with an 8 year old autistic son named Logan. I've been struggling lately since I got laid off from my last job and we are literaly out of food now. I am starting a part time job tomorrow morning but it'll be 3 weeks before I'll receive my first paycheck and I'm currently awaiting results on my food stamp application. If anyone could please help us out with a pizza tonight it'd be a huge huge blessing, ty so much!
[Request] Sanford, NC  
My brother is home from college and we would appreciate it. 
[Request] Short on cash til payday...if someone is willing to send a Pizza Hut gift card I can repay it on the 5th! (Colorado)
Like the title says, it has been a rough month and my husband and I are a little short til payday. If anyone is willing to do this we would be  SO grateful and can pay it back on 11/5. Thanks for looking!
[Request] CA, USA - Friends' birthday, no food :(
My friend has the house to himself, so we're doing a Marvel heroes movie marathon at the house. Unfortunately, due to us being poor bastards, the meager food we bought to begin with disappeared yesterday.

What's a movie marathon with no food??

**There's only 6 of us** so it's not a big group. Anything we get will be appreciated!

Please, thank you, and keep being awesome, RAOP. I'll return the favor when I get work.
[Request] Single, unemployed, mother of two ... Colorado
I have been unemployed for a year and I would like to treat my two boys to something besides top roman or food bank food.  Just a little help would be great.  Bless everyone and happy 4th of July!
[REQUEST] Studying for Series 7 exam on Thursday, too nervous to make or go get food, nervous to spend money because if I fail I lose my job. Bucks County, PA
Promises to pay it forward when I pass the test! AWWW YEAH. 
[Request] I am not starving but would enjoy a pizza opposed to 68 cent pot pie
I have a stable job/income but it isn't much and most of my meals consist of 68 cent pot pies.  I would simply like to eat something different for dinner tonight.  

Please ignore my request if someone else who can't actually eat posts.
[Request] Sprinkle me with some of your parmesan  dust, magical Pizza Fairy
It's a bit cold and windy here in Montana. I'm cramping something terrible (my Midol and a heating pad are barely saving me) and I'm lonely. A pizza for a crappy night would be much appreciated :)
[Request] No sob story, just want to participate.
I am not starving, I do not NEED this, and I can well afford some pizza because I live at home. But I want to participate and would absolutely pay it forward for the fun of it. I think the only place near here is Dominoes, and my GF will be coming over in a few hours and we are going to just watch a movie, hopefully with pizza lol.
[Request]Need a logo? Some Illustrator work done? 
Have one pack of Ramen in the cupboard with a can of re fried beans. Willing to trade some design work for hot pizza pie, take a look at my work. I will have any work you need done finished by tonight!  I come representing Portland, OR. Thank you RAOP!

[Here's Me!] (http://ryanbowsher.wordpress.com)
[Request] I'd love a pizza but don't have the disposable income [UK]
Living on my own for the first time, Bills are a bitch, pizza would really cheer me up and put a smile on my face.

[Request] Coquitlam, BC, Canada - Roommate hasn't paid rent in 2 months and I'm left alone with an empty fridge. Would greatly appreciate something to eat tonight.

[Request] Requesting a celebratory pizza in L.A. 
I just got back from my first job interview after 6 months of nothing. Feel like celebrating, but ramen and eggs don't make for the best celebratory food. If anyone's feeling generous I would really enjoy a pizza tonight, and of course would pay it forward once I get this job.  

[Request] Dexter, Missouri. Looking for a little help.
Hi Reddit, my name is jess and i live in dexter, mo. I am new to the site, I was actually referred to this website so I could find some help. I am a mother of two who has been recently laid off so I decided to go to college. Recently my youngest has been having health problems and I wrecked my car. I've never had financial problems before and everything has happened so fast I haven't known what to do. I've got bills stacking up, insufficient funds letters from the bank, disconnect notices left in my door, and thoughts that keep me up all night. Not to mention the constant pain I got from the injuries I sustained in the accident. I've never had to ask for help before, but then again I've never had to worry about how I was going keep food on the table and lights on, its really a terrible feeling. I'm not sure if anyone here will be able to help me or direct me to help  but either way I'm glad I could get all of this out. Thank you.
[request] Kids could use a bit of food in North PA
Hi all -- I've been referred here by my sister in Wisconsin where this was mentioned on her local news. After paying our utility bills and only partial rent this month, my family is down to 8 cents in the bank until the 1st. I go to food pantries in my area when I need to, but they only operate on certain days and will not be available for a few. I can provide any proof and would gladly pay anything back. A little food for me and my kids would help a lot right now.
[REQUEST] Shitty weekend, would love some pizza haha
Had a rough weekend, just found this subreddit and want to see if it works! If anybody sends me pizza I will deffinately return the favor haha I live just outside St. Paul MN 
[Request] Canada. Looking for a pizza.
Hey,

Thought I'd give this a try. Been broke for some time and no food in the house. When funds are available, I can pay it forward. Feel like a pizza, any help?
[Request] Broke, and I've been eating salad croutons and would like just one meal to change from croutons to pizza!

[Request] South West, UK - Feeling unwell and out of money until pay day. Could do with a treat.
Im feeling really ill today, and out of decent food in the house. My friend told me about this subreddit and decided to give it a go. I don't get paid until Friday but I hope to return the favour after this date. Any help will be welcomed. Thank you reddit!
we are out of food til the 4th im requesting help with pizza to hold us over for the day until i can figure something out
hi im a 45 yr disabled mom and grandma living on my ssi check , i do not get my fs til the 4th of october my check goes completely to bills any help with  a pizza request would be so appreciated im new on here ,we are a family of  3 adults and a teenager and am 8 yr.old  im in lowell massachusetts
[Request, Alaska, USA] Girlfriend is selling her car to pay rent.  Could really just use an effing pizza.
Title says it.  Here's to hoping.  
[REQUEST] Pennsylvania - Too Much Thesis
My girlfriend and I (both senior year design students) have been busting our butts in the studio working on our respective theses.  Can't leave the studio, would love to have a hot one delivered.

-Philadelphia
[Request] I haven't had pizza in months! One of the worst cravings ever right now.
Praying for a RAoP.
(Request) Family of 5 fallen on some very difficult times.  Anyone willing to help out?
My family and I would really love to catch a break.  It feels like the last few months have just been nothing but bad news, from my wife losing her job, our family car breaking down and requiring over $3500 to fix it, my job cutting hours and pay, just a whole bunch of negative stuff we're going through.

My two daughters and son are my rock and my world, why I get out of bed in the morning to work a job where I'm underpaid and busting my back day in and day out.  I would love to be able to surprise them with a nice little pizza treat at some point, try to boost their spirits during this rough patch in our lives.

I would love to be on here with a different story, one in which I'm able to give out pizza to those struggling within the community, and hopefully, who knows, I might be able to at some point.  All I know is that I will pay it forward in any way possible when I can.
[Request] Studying for a class and test for the new job I am starting soon and I am hungry
I'm working part time now, my hours were recently cut, and I can't even afford to pay my current bills. I am about to get a new job in insurance sales, which will cure my financial woes (and will be able to pay it forward). However, I have a class and an exam to take and then I have to apply for a license, and it's still gonna be several weeks. In the meantime, I'm super hungry. And pizza just sounds so damn good. I'm in Virginia, if that matters.
requesting some help for dinner for a single mother of 2 recently laid off. 
i am a single mother of 2 who recently lost my job. we are on such a tight budget &amp; unable to afford to eat anything other than hot dogs ramen n mac n cheese. waiting on assitance &amp; employers seems to take forever when u r so desperate &amp; have to provide for 2. my sons would love some pizza since this is unaffordable for us. thank you so much for your kindness. happy 4th!

[Request] Kentucky, USA. Starving. Mom recently beat Cancer's ass and is having a tough time keeping a job.
As the title says, I'm currently 17, and living with my Mom that recently kicked Cancer's ass (I am completely unsure what type of Cancer it was/is) but she's having a tough time keeping a job and we barely have any food to eat. I don't really know of a way to prove this for some of the people that may or may not believe me.

Just hoping someone would be kind enough to send a Pizza our way, this was kind of a last resort, to "ask" or "beg" for food.

Anyways, Thanks for taking the time into reading this.
[REQUEST] Lakewood, CO 80232. I only have $4 until Friday. I will happily buy someone some pizza on Friday if I could get a little help today. 
I had my hours cut at work from 40 to 24 a week. For this reason I am very broke right now, and going to move back in with my father in two weeks. I only have $4, and being Gluten Free I don't have many options with that much money (No options really). If someone could send a gluten free pizza my way, I would be very thankful, and purchase one for somebody on Friday when I get paid. If you are wondering how to get a gluten free pizza, Dominos does a great job with it. Not sure if Pizza Hut or anyone else does gluten free, but I trust Dominos. Please let me know if you are able to help me out today, I could really use some food! Thanks in advance!
[Request] Would greatly appreciate a pizza in Tempe, AZ
Recently had lots of unexpected school related expenses come up, leaving me with 3 bucks in my account. Would love a pizza to break up the monotony of ramen/walmart canned lasagna/rice. I can provide proof, and will pay it forward as soon as I can (probably the check after this next one). Thanks.
[ REQUEST ] Papa John's Gift Card
So... I guess I put my little sob story here.  Well, I'm poor, lonely, and hungry, and longing for some pizza to fill the emptiness in my soul.
[REQUEST] 20 y/o, US. Just heard about sub...taking care of elementary school age siblings. Friday night treat for us?
Hey guys so I just heard about this subreddit, it's crazy how great of a community this is. So I've been watching over my younger sister and 2 brothers (10, 8 &amp; 7 respectively). For the past 6 weeks now, we've been staying at my mother's house while she's away. I love em Im a lot older so i took care of all three since they were babies I'm almost like an uncle haha. I've been paying all the bills except the rent. I work part time as a janitor while they're at school but have to be at the bus stop when they get off every day. On food stamps so we get by but we're running low and they honestly don't get a treat like this often. So yeah I don't want to post a whole story of my life but if there's anyone out there who's willing it would be truly appreciated! Im not asking for much, just a large pizza or maybe 2 mediums? Any questions, just ask! Thanks.
[REQUEST] location: 39°42'34<U+2033>N 90°13'47<U+2033>W
I have been going on a downward cycle lately. I've recently lost my mother to cancer. Without me knowing about the loan my mother had taken out a few years ago, my family ended up losing our store. My grandparents put everything they had into that store and it makes me sick to know that it's gone. Depression has kept me away from many things and this includes the day to day business and just knowing how far in the red we were.

I have tried very hard to be a contributing member of society, but after 6 months of no work I am quickly losing hope. The one thing I have wanted for so long involves a tall glass of soda and a thick slice of pepperoni pizza. No matter how I dress up these minute noodles, the taste cannot compare to a delicious slice of pizza. I'm hoping some kind soul out there would be nice enough to treat me to some pizza please. I don't know exactly how this works, but I've been reading and I'm intrigued. Some pizza could definitely cheer me up. Thank you.
[Request] Hungry girl craving pizza.
Couple days before pay day and totally broke and in want of pizza.  Nothing pressing, but I thought what the hell. ^__^
Many thanks ^__^
[request] Please save me from another night of Top Ramen. 
I have been living of top ramen for the past two weeks is there any way anybody could get me a domino pizza i have forgotten what real food tastes like.
[Request] Finally got a job, just starving after work and no money. Would crush a pizza in Boulder, CO.

[Request] Omaha NE, been writing music all day and i just want some pizza. 
been going crazy over song structures, and trying to write lyrics [which i haven't really done before] and finally just finished for the day. i can provide you with my facebook for proof, as well as a verification number. i'll be able to pay it forward later this week when i get paid. thanks guys!
[Request] Itd be great if someone could help out
I'm out of food, can't afford a car, and not in walkable distance from a pizza place. If anyone helps, I'll post a thank you with proof of pizza, and pass it on. Thanks!
[Request] Phoenix, Arizona - would like to finally have my first pizza since finding out I have Celiac Disease tonight while watching the new season of Whose Line Is It Anyway?
So this isn't a sob story, I just want to finally have a gluten free pizza tonight for the return of Whose Line! I'm pretty sure Domino's is the only chain that has gluten free pizza, but if anyone else knows a place that has some I would be grateful to know about it! (I hope it's at least close to being as good as a regular pizza....oh god I miss it so much)
[request] kansas city, mo
totally craving a stuffed crust, not expecting at all, just would be nice since I am currently unemployed
[Request] GF had worst day ever, several weeks without paycheck
Background: Health insurance got cancelled because left old job, new job didn't start for a while, started in that magical time frame that allowed me to go way too long without a paycheck and COBRA wants 900 dollars so she can get her shots to continue to finish her education. 

So, I'd really LOVE for her to fill up on a yummy pizza.  If this works, I love the internet. If it doesn't, I still love the internet!

We're just north of Philadelphia, PA 

[REQUEST] My Interactive Multimedia Project For Your Pizza
For quite a while now, I have been nonstop hard at work on an interactive multimedia project called [[6x]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmCqEP2v_Wo) - a double-disc immersive experience with hours of puzzles, "flash films", trip-tools, hallucinogenic visuals, and TONS of hidden features.  Caught between a surreal nightmare and warped mindtrip, this DVD package presents an immersive journey through hypnagogic insomnia in which the viewer is in full control.  Composed from hundreds of sources of bygone media - deconstructed, distorted, glitched and reassimilated into a mind-bending menagerie of disturbing and psychedelic ventures into the user's psyche.  Think of it like a interactive-video-game/experimental-art-film double-DVD set, with a heavy emphasis on the experimental and interactive.

*Note: Contains disturbing and/or adult material. Intended for mature audiences only.*


The project is currently in the autumn stage of development and production (about 70% complete) and slated for release [here](http://0011011001111000.bandcamp.com/) on August 20th, 2013.  Previews available [here](https://www.youtube.com/0011011001111000) and [here](http://0011011001111000.tumblr.com/), though it's difficult to convey the interactive aspect of the project in pictures and videos.

**So here's the thing:**
I'm broke right now and pretty hungry, but I do have the DVD package to offer in exchange.  The only hitch is - it won't be released until August 20th.  So if any redditors are interested in the DVD or hooking a hungry brother up with some pizza, comment here!

**EDIT: Feel free to ask any questions about the project as well, I understand it's kind of hard to describe.**
[REQUEST] Florida, USA. Just finished correspondence high school and want to celebrate!
Could really go for some cheesy goodness to commemorate this joyous occasion.

Here's proof:
http://i.imgur.com/YF7oU.jpg
[Request] Texas, USA. Tired of ramen, would dig a pizza for my sister and I tonight. 
I've got some staples in the house, Ramen, PB &amp; J, and a beanie weenie casserole and I will be going to the food pantry on Monday (I get paid on Thrusday) But I would totally dig a pizza tonight. (Maybe a soda as well?) 

There is only so much ramen you can eat before you start to lose your mind. I know everyone post I'll pay it forward when I get paid, but I WILL pay it forward on Thrusday. :)
[request] Pimp In Distress... (Houston, TX Area)
Pimpin aint easy! 

To expand on this, I'm feeling a little down. Some pizza might be able to cheer me up. Unfortunately, my financial situation (broke, college, etc.) wont allow it. I feel a little awkward just begging on here, and im sure this wont work, but I figured why not. =/ Anyway, if for some reason you do feel like helping me out I would be really grateful. 
[Request]First time on my own
I just recently moved to a new town (first time on my own). I have tried very hard to get a job doing anything. I am a very hard worker but, no one seems to care about that anymore. I will probably have to move back home because my parents won't help me with anything. Im 19 and going to school for film and photography. I have heard Reddit was a very friendly community. I have posted stuff before but am still kinda new to this. Any help will be greatly appreciated and I will somehow try to pay it forward. Thank you all.

EDIT:Round Rock, TX
[Request] Really could use a pizza right now. 
Germany
Not sure whether this is working with germany or not... but yea I'm pretty very short on money, everyone in my area is celebrating Germany in the Euro 2012, can't even afford to do that atm. A pizza could do good things for me now. :=)
[Rrequest] For a completely broke college student, extremely desperate please help.
So here's my story, I just applied to transfer for other schools because I can't afford my current one so I just dropped 270+ dollars on applications, I am also currently taking an EMT course that up until now I thought was completely paid for and just found out I have to pay for the simulation test, on top of the National Registry test and also get my Ambulatory License before I can even apply for a job. This all adds up to another 300+ dollars and I just had to pay rent which was another 450+ dollars. I have no food in my apartment except for 6 bags of popcorn and a gallon of water, and I have 20 dollars left in the banks. I don't have an official job but work in landscaping making money on the side whenever they have room for one more worker. My parents help but they can't help much and I don't want to worry them with this. A pizza would help me a lot, that would at least secure me for 3 more days just to keep the hunger away, especially during my finals week where concentration is a necessity. So please help, I have requested before when someone posts an offer but right now I am really really desperate so please help.


I'm in California, specifically San Diego.
[Request] Lexington KY (US). Would love to be able to eat some pizza today, or tonight.
Not really a sob story, just paid bills so I can't afford pizza for my wife and I. Really craving one. Thanks if anyone finds it in their heart to help out. :-)
Request: Just got back from my break and I'm in my apartment. No Food and No Money! Help!
I just found this site and I'm happy people actually send pizza. I'm really hungry and I have no food in the fridge. I just got back to my apartment tonight and I didn't eat dinner and I probably won't eat tomorrow either. My parents won't be able to give me money for a while. Can someone please help me with one of those EGIFT cards people give out? I can make some pizza last. I love Domino's. It's around the corner and the closest to me. So, hopefully when i wake up tomorrow I'll have some comments and a pizza by tomorrow night. 
[Request] Hungry College Gamer
I lost my debit card this Friday after the bank closed I have had no money all weekend. All I have had to eat this weekend is some bread I had leftover in my pantry :( . Too make matter worse I keep getting 1017d in FFXIV.

Been having a pretty crap weekend, so if anyone wants to make it better that would be awesome. Thanks!
Will pay the pizza forward later this week!
[Request] It's been a really bad day and I'm broke.
Couldn't make it to the doctor or bank because of yet another panic attack. Just need something to get through the day and make another try tomorrow, y'know?
[REQUEST] Please help me punish my body with cheesy goodness. US, Missouri.
I pretty much just want to eat some pizza and watch a cheesy romantic comedy, possibly a tear jerker and forget about my week.  Papa John's would be cool.  Much appreciated.

Occupy San Diego Random act of pizza Request 
Please donate some pizza to occupy SD at the civic center. There is a lot of people here who can use a meal. Many of the protesterw are people who have lost their jobs and have been laid off. It would be great to get some delicious pies for the hUngry mouths. 
[Request] Atlanta - Last day of college before summer break. Job starts next week back near my home. I would love some pizza to hold me over till I leave tomorrow.
I just finished my last final. I can't leave till tomorrow because that is when our dorm checkout is. I have no money for pizza otherwise I would have bought my own. I would love some cheesy pizza pie to hold me over till I leave.
[Request] Boise Idaho security guy, sure would like a slice of pepperoni. :)

[request] Stuck working alone, and can't leave. Someone buy me lunch, please?
Title says it all. The two guys that were scheduled to work with me today both didn't show, so I'm stuck talking to customer and fixing computers alone all day long :(

Normally the owner would buy me lunch in these situations, but he just had a hip replacement, and I'm stuck running the show till he gets back. 

It's no biggie, but I can't leave to grab lunch. There's a Papa Johns around the corner that we usually order from for company outings. 

If anyone's willing.. I guess shoot me a PM and we'll work out the details?? I've never done this before...


[Request] Im High and Wanna Pie
I am sooo high... I ate my last puppy on Wednesday and my last kitty yesterday. I  have a few more bowls to get through and dont have no fooooddds. I tried to catch my neighbors cat but it ran away. Id go have some Chinese food to match my love of cat and dog but I have no moneys. PLEASE PLEASE I need a pizza, Im seeing stars and rainbows and aint close to emptying this bag yet. 

Edit: Forgots me location: Im in Bangme, Mars.
[Request] Lost my wallet, stomach doesn't realize it. 
I lost my wallet Tuesday. I am unable to get cash from the bank because they are a credit union located in another city three hours away (my hometown). I have to wait for a new debit card to come in the mail. Should be any day now, but in the meantime I would love a hot pizza. I can only eat what's left in the house, and I'm running out quickly. I would love to pay it forward once I get my card in the mail. Can someone help me out please? 
[Request] USA, CAL. Tomorrow is my 6 month monthaversary! August 3, 13
First time requester here. I know it's pretty cheesy but I really love this girl, I want her to remember that I'll never stop caring. Recently, her car has been totaled so I haven't really been seeing her much like I used to. It's been about two months so far and every week I come by on the bus to see her and spend a couple days with her. She lives about 30 miles away so It's a definite I need to bus it trip. This week I managed to find her a ride here for our six months together and she's excited cause I planned it all out for her. I'm the first boyfriend shes ever had. She never dated anyone in high school so she got lucky with not having to deal with childish drama. We're going to Frank and Sons in the morning (her first time there), coming back to my place and relaxing with a nice massage (she loves them)  while we finish up our last four episode of Game of thrones season three. I have an intention to cook, but since I've been taking the bus. My funds are low and I haven't been able to buy anything to cook with. So I'm stuck with Easy Mac and a cake that I baked for her. A pizza would really help me out so I can at least buy food for the rest of the weekend so we can eat and if I'm lucky have some left over for Handel's (best ice cream ever). I just want to give her a relaxing day and weekend since she's been working so hard to pay for a new car. Thanks for considering to read all of that if you did!
[Request] California, USA - Birthday today, pizza sounds outworldly 
Playing Blacklight: Retribution, it's awesome. Today is my 20th birthday, which is also awesome. I don't have any awesome food though, just ramen  and cheap mac'n'cheese. It's tragic as I get paid TOMORROW! I just moved here to socal and none of my family knows my new address to send any possible cards. I've got $0.62 in my bank but I'm a registered caregiver for my mom so it's pretty relaxed here, her paycheck is rent, mine is everything else. Broke till tomorrow, would fancy a pizza pie. 
http://i.imgur.com/T1f3v.png 
[REQUEST] Regular Internet guy here.
I tried to do an askreddit a while back about a friend who faces time. It didn't do well so I deleted it. I guess that explains my user name.

I heard about this reddit through the same friend that introduced me to this reddit site.

I have some pics of my place. I don't do so well. My friend said I should use imgur.com.

Edit: I read on sidebar. I am in US but my first language is not English.

Edit: Oh yeah. I could use a pizza!
[Request] Wellington, New Zealand.
Yeah, just the usual I'm afraid. Broke, payday isn't for a few more days and what little money I do have is going into basic necessities.
[REQUEST] Not dire, just looking for pick me up to hold me over until I can go grocery shopping late tonight.
I'm not really in a dire situation or anything at the moment, just mildly depressed at recent life events and waiting around until tonight when my brother (and only roommate) gets home from work and we can go grocery shopping.  Wish my car would get fixed already, so I wouldn't be stranded like this!

Unfortunately, we delayed this food run a little too long, and have run out of basically everything edible besides about a dozen apples and some eggs.  lol.  So yeah, I've been eating nothing but apples since I woke up about four hours ago.  Why are these things so unfulfilling?!

Anyway, I was talking about my situation in an irc channel and someone linked me this.  I've read reddit here and there, but never actually took the initiative to get an account or post anything.  But hey, nothing wrong with giving it a shot I guess.  Not sure what exactly I can give for verification, if you guys would like any.  I assume you would, with me being a newly signed up member.  If you feel like throwing a pick me up my way, just let me know what I can do.

Oh, I should probably note that I live in Vegas.
[request] I can make a short comic of you for a pizza
I'm an illustrator in California. I would also like a pizza. So what do you say?
request alone thanksgiving with kids ,no turkey or family 
a pizza would brighten my childrens thanksgiving 
[Request] College student looking for a pie (will return the favor) Tallahassee FL
Not doing anything this weekend and I would love to be the recipient of a  delicious sausage and pepperoni pie from any of the chain restaurants. I already used my free code from Papa Johns last week. Thanks!
[request] First time...Help out an Irish student who has no money for the weekend and has exams coming Monday. Thanks ROAP
Spent the last of my money on bread for soup this morning.
Won't be getting money until Monday when banks open so it could be a rough weekend and I have exams starting Monday.
Any help appreciated, thanks guys.
[Request]I interviewed for what could be a life-changing position today. I'd like to celebrate.
I have no pity story. I'm not poor (well...I make enough to survive), and I'm not starving. I'd just really like to celebrate. I think I did pretty damn well in the interview, nerves aside. If I get the job, I'll be able to actually make some pizza dreams come true.  

I solemnly vow to randomly pay the random act of pizza forward. I'll probably buy somebody a pizza in the future anyway...but I'll make it my duty if a kind stranger were to hook me up. Hell, might even throw in some wings or breadsticks.
[REQUEST] Food before work.
Have a few hours to kill before I walk to work for the night. Its kinda far but mostly I just like pizza. Whatever I dont eat will stay at the house for my friend to eat when he gets home. Its his house and all. Have questions let me know.
[Request] Barely made it through the summer without any hangups.
Not to be cliche, but I'm a broke, last-year college student trying to get through the night. I would be more than willing to pay it back/forward after I get my check next week from my job. School starts tomorrow and I will have meal plans, so no worries for the rest of the semester. Feel free to check my account, it's over three years old and I participated in Secret Santa and Arbitrary Day if that gives any credibility to my intent in hitting someone back. Thanks in advance to anyone who reads this.
[REQUEST]  is this true...?(:
So I am totally car-less. I wanted to know if this website is for real. Free pizza?:D I'm up for that! I haven't had pizza in ages! I live in a town in the middle of absolutely nothing.  I can't drive anywhere. Help?
REQUEST Stuck w/ Car Troubles! Tampa
Never done this but, I was trying to get home this weekend for the holiday in daytona, but my car broke down and wont be fixed till AFTER the holiday weekend! dont have any money to eat since i put it all into getting my car fixed! $220 So hungry, please help! 
[Request] Used all of my money to fix my car so I don't get fired, so no grocery money. But there's good news too! (southern connecticut)
Just spent almost $1600 on my car to get it through emissions in order to renew the registration, which expired yesterday and also replace the waterpump which went at the same time. Still need to wait until my next paycheck in order to afford to pay this year's car taxes and the renewal fee. I had to borrow money and use all of my check in order to cover it so far.

But the good news is, not only did I get a promotion at my full time job, I was also hired as a freelance on call artist for MAC Cosmetics, which pays MUCH more than what I earn at my full time job. Hopefully within the next two or three months I'll be in a place where I don't feel like I have to ask the internet for food and I can give away pizza like woah.

So this is kind of a desperately hungry/celebration pizza!

There's a Pizza Hut and Dominos that both deliver near me. I'd seriously be grateful. Thanks!
[REQUEST]Old friend in town, no food in house. Philadelphia Area.
Hello RAOP

I have an old friend in town this weekend. He is stopping by later today to watch some football and hang out for a while. I have no real food in my house to offer while he is over here, and I don't get paid until the end of the week. I hate to be a bad host, could anyone help me out with a delicious pizza to feed us growing men? I will be paying it forward regardless at the end of the week.

I live in Wilmington, DE (Right outside Philadelphia). I have all the majors around, Pizza Hut, Dominos, Papa Johns.

Thanks for considering helping me out!!
[Request] Fairbanks, Alaska resident at a hostel, just worked 6 hours of OT at my job, completely broke until payday next week. :(
I'm a host that works a food service job that doesn't offer a discount or allow you to eat in their restaurant. I'm part of the only dept. in the restaurant that doesn't get tips. I just worked OT on my Friday (which I won't see a penny of until payday next week) and I have two packets of ramen to subsist on, currently, with about $1.29 in the bank. I'm hungry. :(  I can provide some modicum of proof if needed, and I will eagerly return the favor someday  if anyone would be willing to help out. Thank you, and my grumbling tummy thanks you. 


[REQUEST] Sydney student going through rough patch.
Hey Reddit, I heard about this sub-reddit for a little while now, and think its an awesome idea. I'm a 24 year old college student from South-West Sydney, working a part-time warehouse job to help pay bills, and just moved into a shared accommodation. Things weren't always this difficult. I had a girlfriend live with me, so sharing bills and having food wasn't an issue.

But now that I've been single for a year, and trying to make my way through college, things have been rough. I have depleted any savings I once had, and my credit cards are shot. I still have at least another year in college, but seriously need to consider some kind of alternative to make my way through this.

I rarely go out with friends because of my situation. I haven't had a beer in ages, and can't remember the last time I ate 3 square meals in a day. I might only have one meal a day, because I have to consciously ration the food and money I have. I even invested in hair-clippers recently, just so I can save money on haircuts. I have been living paycheck to paycheck for the past few months now, and putting food on my plate is simply getting more difficult.

It's kind of depressing actually. I never have thought surviving alone would be so hard.

I must admit, I had a little too much pride to think about asking this pizza Reddit before, but long story short... I'm starving. I'm very embarrassed to ask anyone, as I don't want people to know how poor I am. However, if someone could help a brother out, I would forever be in-debt. Its not just about the pizza, its about helping someone in a time its needed most. I would most certainly love to be able to "pay-it-back" to others who need help, when I get back on my feet (if I find my feet at all).



**UPDATE:**

*
[Request] Completely broke, nothing in the fridge. Help me Reddit, you're my only hope. In Dublin, Ireland.
Wages were supposed to be in my bank account this morning, they weren't. I am very hungry. I am happy to pay it back or forward when I get paid.
Proof: http://i.imgur.com/UtcSy.jpg
[Request] I've been on Reddit forever and I want to try a new pizza.
I have been on /r/RandomActsofPizza, and I always liked the idea but I was too scared. Now I would like to try this for real, but I am starting off by requesting a pizza. I am a simple pepperoni type person, but I love trying new things.
 
This isn't a sob story of any kind, I just want a pizza. If you'd like, I am in the Orange County **~*area*.**

I would love to pay this forward to someone some time. The idea of RAoP is awesome; giving the present of ooey-gooey-pizza goodness is amazing. 

I hope to get a Redditor who expands my tastes! 

*P.S. I never had anchovies. I love all meats. Cheese? Please! Lots.*
[REQUEST] AUS, girlfriend has been studying like a boss. would like to surprise her with pizza and give her a break.

[Request] Queens, NY Unemployed, in emergency mode until April 15th. Would love to take a break from eating rice and beans
Jobless, just paid rent (woohoo!), and need to pay few grand in taxes. It's been really tough to make ends meet these days. Which also means I've been eating rice and beans twice a day, every single day.

Last night I dreamed about eating pizza, with its warm sauce and melty cheese. Today I get to eat...you guessed it...more rice! Yay! 

I try to stay upbeat about what's been going on, but sometimes it's just hard to keep smiling. Some real-life pizza would make this gloomy NYC afternoon much brighter. It really would make all the difference to me.

And of course, I'd love to pay it forward when my situation improves.
[Request]Patheic, poor dad. No money. 
I work as a sub-contractor and my boss decided to leave town when he owed me money for this week's work. I had been counting on that money because my kids are here until Tuesdy night. My 7 yo daughter even mentioned how I never have anything good to eat here (it was completely innocent, but still hits home). Glad to buy someone a pizza Tuesday night... In need right now though. Anyone? 
[Request] North Central Florida, USA (Could use some pizza right now!)
I'm saving up money to buy a new phone, and could really use a pizza right now. I haven't eaten anything other than the stuff I have at home, and could use a little change. I'd be glad to pay it forward once I buy this phone and have money to spend.

Edited for redundancy.
[Request] Pizza for my girlfriend with Celiac Disease.
Hey, my girlfriend has celiac disease and hasn't had a pizza in a long time. But today we found out that Domino's has gluten free pizza. I was wondering if anyone would be nice enough to order me one for her.

Thanks!
[Request] Request on behalf of my friend (Mother of 2)
**First let me say that I will provide any reasonable verification as to the validity of what I am going to say. Just message me. I am very sorry for the pity parade, honestly, however my embarrassment is over weighed by my concerned for my friend and her family. If you have any advice that I can forward to her please private message me. Thank you.**

So here is the situation:
I am requesting pizzafication on behalf of a friend of mine who does not Reddit. She is a young mother, married, and with two children (3 and 1). She recently moved to Glendale, AZ from Florida. She was supposed to be able to stay with an In-Law. That plan fell through due to circumstances outside of her control and she has to vacate her current residence this Friday. She has one other family member in the city that she will be moving in with. She has a job lined up with a call center but doesn't start for 2 months (she has to wait for the next training classes to start). 

**So yes, long term, she will be OK.**

The problem, is that DES hasn't approved her application yet (she has not been in the state long) and she and her husband are skipping eating meals days at a time. Thankfully she is still managing for her children, at the expense of her and her husband eating. I am just looking for a meal to help her get to next week, where I am pretty sure she will be OK (and I will be able to lend further aid at that point if she isn't). 
[Request] theres a deal at Papa John's if you order online Draft50 and get 50% off would love some sunday after noon pizza vegetarian though
just asking its 7.50 cause of deal and would feed me and my little brother 
[REQUEST] No sad story, just short on cash. Will pizza someone else on Thursday
Have 10 bucks need it for gas. 
Wife, 2 1/2 year old daughter, and I would love some pie. Ill pizza someone else Thursday when I get paid. Thanks!
[request] A pizza in Alabama for my brother!
I don't really have a sob story. My little brother is coming up to my apartment for a few days, and I don't have the money to get a lot of food for us to have an all out bash, so it would be nice to have a little slice!
[Request] Today is my boyfriends birthday, and I have nothing to give him. Please help, will pay it forward!

[Request] Pizza for a student
So this is my roommate and my last night living together, we will both be going home which is about 3-4 hours apart. We've been friends since middle school and probably wont be able to hang out anymore (at least for a long time). We both recently left our jobs (I helped him get one on campus where I work). I worked their for 2 years and he worked there for a year. It would be nice to commemorate our final night of living together.
[REQUEST] Not much food until tomorrow.
I will go ahead and say that I got a pizza meal from here before as to not seem like I'm scamming anyone. I have been promised 2 well-paying jobs and one minimum wage + .40 to fill in the gaps of unemployment of a second job, if that makes sense, but I'm waiting until they call me in for that expendable job, a background check for one, and a test request for the other. I will be able to pay forward this one and the previous random act of pizza when I can get my life straight. I will pay the previous one forward whether I get food from this or not. Didn't want to sound like I'm taking that promise to pay it forward hostage. Anyway, it would benefit me, my roommate, his brother, and his mom greatly if we could get some pizza.

Edit: Not caring what trolls like francewinwars say, especially if all they do is convince people to NOT help the less-fortunate. If anyone wants to roll the dice and buy us pizza for the day, I will pay it forward as soon as I get spare cash, which should be within the next couple of months.
[request] Hungry and don't get paid till friday.
If someone would like to buy me a pizza I will gladly return the favor friday when I get paid! I just ran out of food and don't want to wait till friday to eat. Thanks for considering!
[request] Ontario, Canada Out of money and ramen.
Hey. I recently had my hours cut back at work, and have been struggling to find a second job to make up for the lost wages. I've had to cut down on my food budget in order to pay my bills, and have been eating nothing but ramen for the past month. I only have a few left, and I'm now out of money until Friday. Would be amazing if I could actually eat a real meal for once. Thanks a lot.
[Request] I just lost my job, short on rent :(
Yesterday I got laid off with a job I've been working for over a year now. My boyfriend hasn't been working for the past two months since he also got laid off working construction. I have no idea what we are going to do now..rent is due on the 5th at the latest and the next check I get wont be until the 12th. Pretty much feeling shitty about everything right now, trying to figure out what I can do to get money quickly. Plus my ph. is gonna be outta mins, my insurance, and internet bill is due...oh ya &gt;.&lt; ...could really use a random act of pizza. 
(REQUEST) Athens, GA, college student, aspiring comedian. Could use some dominos this evening :)
Hey guys, don't have much to say. College student, aspiring comedian. Don't have a lot of money flowing at the moment but today is Monday Madness in Athens (3.99 medium 1-topping) and I could really use some food for the week. Anyone out there wanna help a brother out, just throwing it out there. Will be checking this throughout the day. Promise I will do the same once I get paid for a show (which is rare but I am hoping someone trusts me). That is all. 
[Request] Broke Canadian in need of food
If anyone is interested in my story here it is.
I was kicked out of my parent's home a few months ago for religious reasons and I'm struggling to make ends meet living on my own. My mormon parents don't talk to me and don't want to have anything to do with me after they found out I'm not going on my mission. I have a job and a room but my hours were weekends only last month and I'm completely broke until the end of this week when I get paid and even then, money is going to be tight for the next few months. I was not really prepared to live on my own like this (I just recently turned 20) and I'm really struggling. I'm trying to eat as little as I can to save as much money as I can and pizza would be amazing right now.
(I'm in Toronto, Ontario)
[Request] used this sub last time I moved into a new house. Looking for a little help. Greensburg, Pa
I just moved into a new house this week. And need alittle help until I get paid. My bank accounts drained. And I'm so hungry. And so tired of ramen. 
[Request] Boston - Nothing but peanut butter til Payday. Help a guy out?
So I'm down to just peanut butter and eggs until Friday(Payday) and it gets really boring. I'll send a picture of me and my roomie doing a hand stand for the first person willing to get us some sweet sweet Za
[Request] Wi. For a friend in need. 
My friend I think deserves a RAOP. No need to say exact reasons, but this would certainly make him feel a whole lot better. Thanks everyone. 
[Request] Bank account in the red, no food, no cash, and no hope.
I'm in southwestern Michigan, and I've kinda lost all hope in this situation. My buddy and I haven't had anything to eat for a while now and I don't think we can afford to. If anyone could help I would really appreciate it, we ran out of Raman noodles a couple days ago and don't know what to do... Our finances are even screwed for this next month completely, I need some little beacon of light and a pizza would go a long way right now.
[Request] Twenty year old between jobs and homes
I'm currently sitting at a McDonalds, where I slept in my truck last night, with no gas and no money for food. I didn't get anything to eat yesterday, and so far today it's looking like it's gonna be the same way. There is a Pizza Hut within walking distance, and would really appreciate any kind of food. It really sucks to have to ask for something like this, but it's either this or go outside and beg for money face to face.
[request]pizza for Texas!
Anyone feel like donating a pizza to a hungry college student? I'd be very happy to eat today. 
[Request] Boyfriend dumped me, literally, and drove off with purse. Stranded in NYC
My boyfriend kicked me out of his car right in the middle of NYC. All I have on me is my phone. I have been crying my eyes out for the past hour. My purse is still in the car with my wallet, credit cards, id. I have no idea what to do now, I live 50 minutes away on car from the city. I didnt eat all day and would really want something to get my mind off this situation and try to get back home some way.
[request] Eastern Kentucky, help make life simply for a night.
I got pizza'd, thanks Lexically. 
{Request} Charleston SC girls with an empty fridge...
I (Rachel) and my friends (Liz and Dylan) do not get paid for multiple days and are pretty much subsisting off of PB&amp;J, noodles with butter, and the last little bit of a bottle of tequila. It is nice tequila though. My point is, we are hungry and broke until further notice and we would love nothing more than a pizza at this very moment. Help a sister out and we'll hit you back, pay it forward, either or both. Much obliged   :)
[Request] Two Hungry People in NW Austin
My Girlfriend and I are down on our luck and getting desperate. I lost my job at the start of the summer and we've been floating by just barely managing to keep the rent covered. We've both been looking for jobs very actively, just haven't had any luck at all. We've got a bit of cash on the way next week, but no money until then. Not complaining about all that, but we haven't eaten in nearly three days and we're getting damn hungry. I'm more than happy to repay this favor in the future if someone would help us out tonight. 
[REQUEST] Family of 6, Broke, want some pizza tonight for dinner. Can you guys help?
We're a family of 6 and we're completely broke. Money wise and food wise. We wanted a pizza for dinner tonight, but like I said, we're broke. Can you help us out? We appreciate it!
~*request~*well i'll be 25
By the grace of god i've made it this far..never really thought i would...
my b-day is  feb 2 1987:)and i would love to have some pizza tonight...i dont have any money till the 3rd...
If anyone would like to buy me a pizza i'll turn the favor next week.
thanks so much and god bless
[Request] Starving, and very broke, would really appreciate some help
Dear Reddit, i posted earlier but i didnt put request in the title so it was removed. Here is my second attempt. So, today i finally met my first in person redditor and i have to say, it was amazing. (ive been a lurker since the whole Digg v4 fiasco, but i decided to make an account a few days ago so i can be somebody in this community for once. Anyway, she told me about this subreddit where if youre hungry, short on cash, or are willing to meet some sort of requirement, someone will order you a pizza. So heres my shot. Basically im pretty broke at the moment. I live with a roommate but i really dont want to go through her fridge and be "that guy" who eats what he wants even if it isnt his. I make minimum wage (30hrs a wekk) in my state but luckily i work about 3 miles away so i dont spend much on fuel. I have 3 children and i was divorced almost a year ago. About half my monthly income goes to child support and random bills (i was an idiot and got a title loan at a desperate time in my life and i still have to pay a pretty hefty monthly payment for a few more months. My state says i make too much to receive food stamps so i have to pay for all my food with cash and also food for when i get my children on the weekends (i want to make sure they have 3 good healthy meals a day when theyre here). so heres where i ask, Random_Acts_Of_Pizza, will you please buy me some pizza, im sure it will be left overs and help me out through out the week until im payed on friday. im willing to do whatever tasks im needed to earn this pizza. I love Reddit and all it stands for, especially subreddits like these (assistance, suicidewatch) I live in Idaho if that helps any fellow Idahoan Redditors. Thanks Reddit.
[Request] Just returned home from rehab, trying to stay clean, could go for a pizza.
I have battled addiction all of my adult life - I have had long clean times (2 years), short ones, I've overdosed 4 times, and been to a lot of rehabs. I just returned home from yet another one and am starting over, have been going to meetings, have a sponsor, just got a job (though won't see any wages from it for weeks) and things are generally looking up. I won't lie - I'm certainly not in dire straits, but I sure could go for a pizza today.
[Requesting] Pizza for hungry family of 7...Houston, TX
My name is Alaina. I'm 6 months pregnant, and we need help. Our family is large and we're running out of food. We won't receive our food stamps for another week, and no one has any money to even attempt to buy food. We're hot, hungry, and would be extremely grateful if we could receive anything.

**EDIT:** I'm willing to prove my situation via photos with date stamps in a PM.
[Request] [New Zealand] Down-on-my-luck and could go for any sort of pizza.
Now I know just straight up asking for a pizza isn't really inventive or innovative, but I'm kinda just without any money at all and could go for one or two, saving the slices for a meal every so often.
I think you can probably buy a pizza online from the Pizza Hut or Dominos NZ branch near me from anywhere in the world, but if you're in NZ that's even cooler.
Anyway, yeah. Thanks in advance. I can give you my Steam name and we can have a few games to celebrate if you want, or I could give a little thanks on my Youtube channel if that's what you'd like. I can't really offer much other than that, but yeah, enough rambling.
I guess PM me if you're willing? :D
(Request) Boyfriend's paycheck delayed bc of address change...
My boyfriend was supposed to get paid Thursday, but at the first of this month we moved and spent all of his last check on moving costs and first months rent. We also bought some groceries, but only bought enough to last until this paycheck. It still hasn't come and we've run out of food. Could we have a pizza? We only need one, and will gladly forward! 

Btw, I'm his girlfriend, I don't have a job because I'm in school full-time. I have student aid, but didn't get any for my summer courses, so only have a limited amount. I used most of my funds to pay his student loans so we wouldn't get any fees, or I would be buying cook-able food! Thank you guys soo much! (just saying...because, this is awesome).

[request] girlfriend and i have the house alone tonight, would love a pizza to celebrate!
Our roommates are all out of town, and a pizza to snack on during our movie night would be great. Thanks guys!

EDIT: We're in Portland, OR.
[Request]. Pizza for friends cake day IRL
It's my friends IRL cakeday and he is home alone and he is broke so I'd like to have some thing for us to eat together when I see him today
[Request] Just looking for a pie to enjoy tonight in Arkansas
Unfortunately I'm broke until payday, so I thought I'd give this a shot!  I'm in Arkansas and can pay back whoever can help me out tonight on Friday. 
[Request] Texas Soldier going out on a 3 week field exercise and would love a pizza before eating MRE's for 3 weeks straight!
I'm about to leave my newlywed wife for 3 weeks to go train in the desert and would love to share a pizza and watch a movie with her the night before I have to leave!
[REQUEST] The BF just lost his job, and my hours at work were cut. The rent is paid, the cats are fed, but we're stressing. A full meal tonight would go a long way to cheering us up and we'll gladly pay it forward as soon as we're able.

I work in a restaurant and my manager is firing people and cutting hours. I am now only going to be working steadily 2 days a week, and next week I go back to school, so finding a second job right away with any flexibility is gonna be difficult. The bf and I have irons in the fire, but we're stressing out and worried about how we're going to get by. A hot pizza and a reminder that acts of kindness are still occasionally possible in this world would go a long way toward cheering up our little family.  I'm in the Louisville KY area. Thanks reddit!
[Request] IRS took my last few dollars.  Just need to eat till payday.  I'll pay back.
Found out I still owed the government money now I only have $2.  Just want a pizza to last me for a few days.
[Request] [WI] Will code for food.
So, I am a web developer who was laid off a bit ago. I am working again, but I am broke and won't see any money til the end of the month. So here is my proposition. Hook me up with some pizza and I will write some code do do something simple.
[Request] Chicago, IL needs help with food after rent
Hey guys, this week was the week my rent was due and because of that, I have about 20 dollars to last me for food/public transit to work every day this week until I get paid on Friday. A simple pizza would be appreciated, and in the future, I can try and get you a better pizza in return. Thank you, and I appreciate the help, if I get it.
[Request] Missouri
Hi. My name is denise. I am a 65 year old disabled veteran. I suffer from agent orange among many other things. I am coming to you today to request a random act of pizzas to fill my belly. My money ran out quick this month and I don't have food for today. My favorite pizza is pizza hut. I do plan on returning the favor when I can afford it. I was referred to this site by my grand daughter.
[Request] Thought we would make it until payday then car trouble...
I posted yesterday but a very nice lady from work knew I was having some financial trouble and got us food for last night. So I deleted my request. Today we are back in the same boat. Like I stated yesterday, this is out of my comfort zone because I am usually the one trying to help somebody. My husband was laid off about 3 months ago and we usually are able to make it from check to check. I also take care of my Grandmother how is disabled. But this week has been rough. My car broke down on Tuesday. Had to get a new battery and a couple of other small parts to get it back running. This set us back. We are now Broke. We are going to try to have a yard sale tomorrow to get up a little money but have nothing for tonight. I am more than willing to pay this forward when I get paid again next Friday July 15. Thanks for your consideration.
[REQUEST] I've been a part of the reddit community for a while but apart from Secret Santa I never get to participate in stuff like this because I´m from Venezuela. Anyone up for the challenge?
We have Dominos, Papa Johns (my favorite) and one or two Pizza Huts over here in Caracas. 

[Request] Going on a date, I want to get him pizza!
I've got a movie date tomorrow night (Wednesday 2/1) and he's ordering the movie I want to see via onDemand. I'd like to order us a big ol' pizza to snack on after a long day of class/work/meetings *but* I only have $4 in my account.

**I get paid on Friday and will offer 2 separate pizzas asap to pay it forward!**

I'm in the US and there's a Domino's only a block from his place. Any offers would be immensely appreciated and many good vibes and thanks will be sent!!

[edit] I also have great coupons for my area!! So I'd only need a small donation :)
[Request](Tennessee) University student feeling somewhat iffy about finals. Could use some pizza to eat while studying.
Hello, RAoP. Long time lurker, occasional commenter, first time poster.

In any case finals are looming in on me and, while I certainly have a chance to kick their ass and earn myself a 3.0 GPA this semester, I am still nervous. It is for this reason why I am requesting a pizza-- to have a little motivation and something delicious to eat while studying.

I will have money come in at the end of the month, so when that time comes I should be able to pay it forward. Thanks so much for your consideration. :)

[Request] My folks and myself are on a gluten free diet, and have a craving for some Domino's 'za!
My parents and I are on a gluten free diet (no flour/wheat - no pizza crust) and scraping toppings off just ain't my thing. Domino's is the only place in the area with a Gluten-free option, and it's pretty expensive. We would buy it ourselves, but our household is in a bit of a financial pickle. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks so much in advance!
[Request] Just a college kid looking for some food
No sob story here, just a college kid who could use some food tonight. I'm from Southern NJ btw if it matters. Thanks so much for at least taking the time having patience to read this, and triple thanks if you want to fulfill it.
[REQUEST] Things started going downhill a couple months ago... Just looking for a bright spot
Hi... I am new to this, so I hope I am doing it right. I live in central FL. My husband and I have 3 young children. My husband is a local truck driver and I am a stay-at-home mom. A couple months ago our roof decided to start leaking, right in to our bedroom. Insurance isn't covering it because the roof is old. We are trying to save to repair the roof and replace the drywall that was damaged. Since that time, things have continued to spiral downward. I don't want to be long winded, but it has gone so far that we have had to apply for foodstamps and medicaid because I have 2 have surgery and a diagnostic procedure to rule out cervical cancer. My husband's wages have been cut because the runs just aren't there. We are struggling and the only way that we have had any food for the past couple of weeks is because of my parents. I have been looking for a job, but I have had no success. We are even having to sell our electronics on craigslist to try and get some money to survive. It has been very stressful and frustrating for us and I know our kids can tell that something is wrong. I was hoping that someone might be willing to give us just one bright spot in this dark time. Thanks for taking the time to read all of this. Blessings to you all. :0)
[REQUEST] Finally got a job, would love to celebrate!
After a particularly ill-timed lay-off, I've finally found a new job! Not only that, but it looks like the lay-off might have been a blessing in disguise, because this job seems amazing!

Unfortunately, I don't get paid for a while. While I have some left-overs I could eat, I'd love to be able to celebrate with a delicious pizza! (And of course, the first new paycheck will have me celebrating again by paying the pizza-giving forward!)

Thanks, everyone!
[Request] California- Pizza for my fiance and son :)
I have been sick since Tuesday and my fiance has been taking care of our son Tony(6) and baby girl (3 months). He has been taking care of their every need and making sure I got rest so I could get better. Our son was a big help also. When dad was making bottles, Tony would keep baby entertained. He helped dad whenever asked. I really appreciate my fiance and all he did this week to make sure everything was taken care of. I am feeling better, just have a sore throat and a slight headache. I haven't been able to cook for them and I know they would really love a pizza!   
[Request] single mother of four looking for a little kindness.
I have never really been one to ask for help, but my kids over rule my pride any day.
I am the proud mother of four beautiful children:
Aiden: 2
Cameron: 3
Olivia: 5
Joshua; 8
Recently we've had some bad times, my husband of 10 years kicked me and my children out after meeting a girl online, I have no family here and I don't really know anyone but the people I go to church with. My father is helping me out all he can he's paying for my room. I haven't had a job in 8 year but now I'm looking but there are very few jobs and I have to work around the churches day-care program I am food stamps Wednesday and the motel offers a free breakfast, but my children really deserve a pizza I mean their lives are completely changed and while their friends are going to see Harry Potter(mostly Josh) I can't afford anything like that's and I am Hoping maybe I can get some pizza to boost morale.
 
[REQUEST] Hanging out with friends and feel bad that I don't have any food to offer them.
I'm hanging out with my friends and we are about the watch a Batman movie marathon before we go see the Dark Night Rises again tomorrow. But my parents left me without any food in my house. I've given them drinks, but i assume we are going to get pretty hungry soon.

I'll draw a picture of batman as a reward! Thanks.
[Request] northern CO injured and can't work, don't get paid until thursday night
hi guys, earlier this week i tore or otherwise really messed up a tendon in my shoulder while at work. i just spent the last of my cash putting gas in my roommate's car so he can get to work. i'm down to chocolate milk, dry rice and canned peas until i get paid tomorrow (thursday) night and i'm in too much pain to even use my dominant hand to type, let alone use pots and pans and try to cook something that doesnt even seem worth eating to begin with. and of course a pay it forward or a thank you pizza for the donator will be the least i can do, guaranteed by end of day saturday.

i appreciate your time, this took me a long time to type with only my non-dominant hand &gt;.&lt;
[REQUEST] Been stuck at home for three weeks would love a pie
I've been home bound with our dog who needs hip surgery while my grandma is in the hospital with her knee. Tired of frozen dinners :(
[Request] Utterly defeated
So here's the micro story: lost my job in Florida, moved back up near family in Wisconsin and into a motel, had to changed to an even cheaper motel so now living in Rockford, IL. I'm now away from family, no friends, and yesterday my car broke down. I am a freelance web developer, so thankfully I can do my work as long as I have internet. But finding work is another story. 

I have 89 cents to my name until who-knows-when. Unfortunately where I live, there are no places that deliver. Since my car's broken, I'm not sure I could even do pizza. I was thinking, if I could find the cash, I would walk to the nearest gas station and stock up on pasta-type stuff. 

So if anyone out there is willing to help, I would be so very much appreciative. If you have questions on anything, feel free to ask. I have verification as well. 

Thank you everyone for your consideration.
[Request] Just got back from m first shift at a new job and have no food in the house. A pizza would be much appreciated. (Manchester, UK)
edit: my*
[Request] Denver and thought I could get lucky with a random act of pizza.
It's been a wonderful day. I have gotten stoned and watched futurama and enjoyed my day off. But now I am broke and hungry XD. Maybe I'll get lucky and someone feels the need to help this fella out.
[Request] (Idaho) packing up my apartment, need motivation.
Nothing too special. Just packing and craving pizza.
[Request] London. Would love a pizza to top my job hunting day.
I've recently moved over to London  but I kinda messed up on funds and left myself short. Right now I'm looking at the 23p in my pocket and wondering what I could get with that to buy some food. I have no food in the kitchen and no one over here to help me. Spent the day hunting high and low for a job (which it looks like I might have by tomorrow) and I haven't eaten all day. Please help RAOP. 
[Request] Georgia, USA; Almost in the red a day before payday.
Title says it all. Alone tonight with an empty bank account, maxed out credit card, and a new job interview in the morning (thanks /r/atljobs!).
[REQUEST] Chicagoan; been living off change, didn't get paid today like I was supposed to. <U+0CA0>_<U+0CA0>
I've been near broke since late May and for the past 2 weeks I've been scraping by on my loose change while I wait for the first paycheck from a new job. I was told I would be receiving direct deposit by midnight of last night and I woke up this morning to... nothing. Lately I've been eating rice, .50 loaves of day old Jimmy Johns bread, and $2 lunch specials from this really great Thai restaurant nearby. But those can get pretty tiring after repetition.  

I have just enough change to take the CTA to and from work for today and tomorrow and if don't get my money by then, well fuck, that's my own problem. I have $5.90 left in my bank account, which I'm keeping there as a kind of emergency buffer. Here's screenshot: http://i.imgur.com/w1Rs7.png

Anyone there able to help a hungry redditor out?
[REQUEST] {Cambridge/Boston} I'm guessing the city-wide lockdown applies to the wonderful pizza delivery-folks... :/
We are nervously "sheltering in place," 2-3 blocks from the older suspect's apt, awaiting the controlled detonations.  (sorry if this was inappropriate... humor-meter may be off right now)... Otherwise, we'd order a large plain cheese, and a sausage/pepperoni.  ;)
[Request] Me and my girlfriend are broke, this is our fridge right now.
Payday is on Friday but until then we could use a random act of zza. The fridge is looking a little barren... (please excuse my kitchen floor, it needs to be replaced badly) http://i.imgur.com/Q4iAJ.jpg
[Request]Aunt showed up with her kids and they need to be fed.
**CLOSED - FOUND HOT DOGS IN FREEZER**

My aunt is having problems with her husband(possibly getting a divorce) and had to get out of the house. It is my understanding he has been hiding money from her and only giving her enough to pay the bills leaving nearly nothing for her and their five kids.

I would buy the pizza myself buy I am unemployed. If someone would be kind enough to buy us some food I am sure we all would appreciate it.

Location: Central California
[Trade?-Request - Denmark] Money is a bit tight this month.
Some bills took me by suprise and now I am poorer than ever, so I was hoping you could help me with a pizza.

I bought the humblebundle ( A lot of games ) recently so I can give you a game for your pizza ( Dead Space, Medal of Honor, Crysis 2, Burnout Paradise )

[Request] Wallet is gone and the pantry is bare. Help a hungry girl?
I was in a recently (and abruptly) ended relationship, and my wallet is still at his house 200 miles away. I am back at my empty apartment with nothing to eat and no wallet. He won't respond to my calls or texts, and would have to send it via mail to return it to me. A simple pepperoni pizza would do wonders for me right now, and I fully plan to return the favor as soon as my wallet is returned to me.

Thank you for any consideration!
[REQUEST] Ohio - My Wings just lost, a pizza would really help ease the pain.
The Detroit Red Wings lost their series with Nashville tonight, and Pittsburgh beat Philly again. This is not a good night. A pizza from a kind Redditor would really help ease the pain. And I WILL pay it forward this summer when I have more money again.
[Request] Broke until Thursday and hungry
I'm broke until Thursday and pretty hungry. Any pizza received will be paid forward, promise. I'm located in Dublin, Ireland. 

Using a throwaway account because I'm ashamed. 

http://www.just-eat.ie/
[Request] My girlfriend and I have no extra money to spend, no fridge, and are sick of rice. Anything is appreciated.
My GF and I both work at Kroger which pays not well at all. We both have no money that can go towards food and have been eating rice for a week. Our fridge broke this week so all of our refrigerated food had to be thrown away or eaten a couple days ago. Any pizza would be appreciated. Thank you ahead of time if you can offer. Also, We live in Atlanta, Ga. 

[REQUEST] California, 530, Broke Birthday Boy
After putting gas in my car, I'm now broke. I ate my last two eggs this morning. Normally my orange tree in the backyard would get me through but I gave my last few oranges to my neighbor.

[Pic of ID](http://i.imgur.com/vlP2G.jpg)

{Request}Still want Pizza....Still broke....
We still want pizza same as yesterday..we weren't successful yesterday..managed to get a few laughs, but that was it...pizza only this time, no drama, thx


[Request] Las Vegas, NV. Out of work since Jan 30, don't get my first check until Friday. Is anyone able to help?
~~Title basically says it all. Unexpectedly lost my job at the end of January. I interviewed and got a new job around Feb 14-15, but didn't start until March 8th. Only just barely had enough to cover rent, bills, and a few~~ ~~groceries. I'll get my first check Friday morning, but I've been eating ramen for the last week and would really~~ ~~love some cheesy goodness.~~

~~Thanks in advance!~~

[Request] Spent all my money on an engagement ring, planning to propose today. Pizza to celebrate the occasion?
Would be nice to surprise the girl friend with pizza AND a ring! Currently located in Ontario, Canada!
[request] College grad unemployed roommates
My roommate and I are both college graduates who have not managed to find employment yet, just looking for a good pizza! Will post pic with thanks, and pay it forward!
[REQUEST] Got laid off with no severance yesterday. Happy Holidays!
I really hate asking for handouts and if I wasn't married, I probably wouldn't bother. But yesterday, I got laid off. Not only did I not get any severance pay, my boss also gave me a 1-week, mandatory, unpaid "vacation" prior to the layoff. 

They had told me to "enjoy a week off for Thanksgiving and spend time with your family." That was nice, I figured my Christmas bonus will make up for the 40-hour loss. Then I come back ready to work, 2 days later I get the boot. Keep in mind, this is 2 weeks before Christmas bonuses go out. 

So I lost 1 week of pay, no severance, no bonus, and no job. My wife is a full-time college student that isn't even allowed to work (she will lose her scholarships.)

This is going to be a very tight and hungry Christmas for my wife and I. And we would greatly appreciate something good to eat so I can use what money I have left to pay bills until I find another job.

If you need proof, I'd be happy to tell you anything. We are a very generous couple and once I get another job, I would be happy to pay it forward.


Located in Eugene, Oregon

Thanks Reddit

*
[request] Not been able to afford the sweet taste of pizza in months.
Hey guys I've been completely  for months as my wife had to stop working due to ill health (thankfully she is on the mend and returns to work in the new year).
I would really appreciate if someone could pizza me so I can remember that sweet taste again.
I will either return the favour or if the gifter prefers pizza someone else when I get paid towards the end of the months.
Thanks everyone have a pic of my dog for your time http://www.flickr.com/photos/benjaminbexson/7591908676/
[Request] I love me some Pizza Ranch! (IA)
Anyone else ever had Pizza Ranch? Delicious pies, for real. If anyone would be kind enough to help out a college student with some Pizza Ranch for dinner, it would be so appreciated. Either way, thanks!

*
[Request] Just some 16 year old that finished a hard first week of spring break working
Yea, there's nothing too it. I'm honestly just hungry and pizza is my favorite food in the world.

will be sure to return the favor asap

Maple ridge, BC, Canada
[Request] Musician will write you a song for a pizza
Thought it'd be fun to try this out. Just give me some general prompts of what you want the song to be about lyrically and moodwise....I have a style but can try to please as best as possible.

And no this won't be a crappy cellphone recording. I am in the Chicago area thanks!
[Request] Austin, TX USA. A bit broke and looking for a good meal to sustain me until my job interview this evening.
I'm honesty feel a bit awkward doing this, but would appreciate any help.
(Request) Christian mission group leader looking for help
Hey all,

I'm the youth mission group leader at my Church, and they've spent the last two weeks working with Habitat for Humanity and other groups around the area to help out the community, and I would love to surprise them tonight with a nice tasty treat.

Anyone willing to help out some kids who were just giving back to their community?

Thanks and god bless

[Request] Louisville, KY: Broke &amp; feeling down. Can anyone help a brother out?
Hungover, penniless, and I found out my gf was cheating on me.

Don't mean to beg, but I could really use a pizza.
[Request] Pizza please. Read more inside. US
Hey Raop,

I recently got a job as a Standardized Patient, yay. But its been about a month since my last job as a camp counselor and funds are low and the tummy is growling.

I won't lie, I'm not out of food, I could go and eat some beans and rice again for the 5th night in a row but I kinda want to mix it up. 

Someone wanna help me out?

-dbrownbear
[Request] Just graduated from university, can't find a job, and my bank account has dwindled to nothing....I would be endlessly appreciative for some lunch today. &lt;3
Hi, RAoPizza'ers! Just as it says above, I'm an unemployed recent college graduate with loans on top of loans to pay. There's nothing to eat at my house, and I sure am awfully hungry. If anyone would be willing to buy me a pizza, I would be so extremely appreciative, and would repay your kind deed once I get back on my feet.
If it's any motivation, here is a picture of me about to eat a piece of paper (and verification that I'm not a scammer or troll): 

http://imgur.com/mCbMmxn

Thank you for reading! This would make my week. 
Request for pizza for dinner Please
Me and my son would really love a pizza for dinner we havent eaten out in over two months and its just too hot today to cook. I have been cooking at 9/10 olclock at night so it would be nice to eat at a decent time for once. Can someone pls help us.
[Request] Someone in Malaysia used my debit card to buy $130 worth of pizza this week. Now I could use some...
Earlier this week, someone managed to get hold of my debit card information and went on a pizza purchasing spree in Malaysia. It will be a few more days before my bank credits the money back into my account and all this stress has made me quite hungry.

Once I get the money back, I will gladly pay it forward!
(Request) Contemplating bouncing a check to get groceries. 
This may be the roughest spot I've ever been in. I have no money and will not have any left over after paying bills with my next paycheck. I don't like asking for help but I'm desperate. I would be so grateful to anyone who could help out, even in a very small way.  
[Request] Just moved to a new city, haven't started work yet, bank account and pantry is empty.
Just moved to Pittsburgh and have been eating baked beans all week. Would absolutely love to get some 'za in my system. Any love would be greatly appreciated!
[REQUEST] I'm cat-sitting and hungry! AZ.
I'm cat-sitting these little Satan spawn kittens (they're really adorable) and I'm super hungry. A pizza would be very much appreciated!

Will provide photo proof of kittens if requested.

Will also pay it forward when I'm able!

edit: If anyone sees this, I'm still looking for pizza :]
[request] Baton Rouge, LA Girlfriend and I were laid off over christmas via text message
5 days after christmas my boss texts me to let me know that myself and my girlfriend no longer have jobs.  This has been sort of a shitty start to a new year and a pizza from a stranger would be awesome.
[Request] Indianapolis, IN, USA. Broke until Friday, and sick of ramen.
I've been eating ramen for a few days now. My mother offered to give me food, but I can't afford the gas to drive out to her house until I get my next paycheck, on friday. If anyone wants to help me get a pizza, I can either repay the favor on friday or pay it forward.
[Request] Lost all my food! Hoping to eat some pizza tonight. 
Hey if someone feels like getting me and my girl a pizza that would be amazing. Going through a bit of a rough patch. Anchorage Ak since I forgot to put it in my title. Sorry I didn't get much sleep yesterday. 
[Request] [Towson, MD] My luck has run out, and I am broke until monday...Please help me eat!
Hello RAoP,

Today I knew when I woke up I should just go back to sleep, but against my better judgement, I hopped right up and went to class.

I've been having car trouble for the past two weeks, but I got a new fuel pump put in last week and I was fine.

Until today.

I broke down at a red light on my way to work, where I was hoping to make tip money and eat. This was unsuccessful, as my car broke down again about a mile from my house on my way there. 

I completely wiped out my bank account last week fixing it + the tow  today, so any help you guys can offer would be greatly appreciated!
[Request] Just moved into new apartment, no food and every cent went to the deposit.
I just moved in to my new place (loving it!) last night. I'm in a bit of a bind since I was previously living in a mix of hotels/couches, and don't have anything to cook with, just my clothing and a few other necessities for now. All the money I had saved up went to my rent and security deposit. I get paid on Monday but until then the food situation is looking a bit grim. I send my thanks in advance to anyone who'd like to help me get through the next day with the cheesy goodness of pizza!
[Request] Paycheck won't hit till tomorrow and I'm desperate to feed my 4 yr old daughter!
I just switched to direct deposit and apparently it won't clear until after midnight tonight :(  My car broke down last week so I had to shell out a ton of money on it and was really counting on my pay to be here. I've never struggled to feed my daughter and I'm feeling awful and like a bad mother right now so I told my friend and she told me she'd help if she had the cash but recommended that I ask you guys. I've never really used reddit before but she swears I'm going to be addicted lol. Anyhow, I'll be on here for at least the next several hours while I'm at my desk, hoping for an answer! Here's a pic of me and my daughter : http://postimage.org/image/e4ux9nzet/

 { Request} Birmingham, Alabama
  I am a single mother with 2 daughters. Every since that storm on April 27th we have had a hard time getting back on our feet. I get paid tomorrow. We just need something to eat tonight. 
Could seriously use a RAOP right now [REQUEST] smyrna Geaorgia (United states) 
No long sad backstory, just me and my friend, no money, and a realllly craving some pizza, so help out, next time i'll fulfill someone else's pizza request.
[REQUEST] Pizza for a young chap in need of a slice
Please sir, may I have some pie?
[REQUEST] No sob story or whining, just asking for pizza-Florida
I see constant whining and sob stories to get a pizza. I don't have one. I can say that I'm asking for some pizza because it sounds good, I haven't had it in a while and would really enjoy it. Thanks for the consideration. Have a great day.
[Request, Cleveland OH] My friend just told me about RAOP today. Wow.  If anyone wants to help me eat a good meal today, I'll pay it forward. 
Thanks, Redditors
[Request]-CO ~ My son turns 7 tomorrow. Just him and I and celebrating alone.
We have a week left here in Colorado, before moving back to Indiana to start completely from scratch. Tomorrow my son turns 7 and he's so excited. He hasn't decided what he would like for his "birthday" dinner as it's just him and I, but I know he is leaning towards pizza.

With the cost of the move, and the deposit I had to give. I am scrapped. 

This is not a need, just a birthday wish for some yummy pizza tomorrow to celebrate his birthday! 

Thanks for reading!

[This was his first birthday!](http://i.imgur.com/PRPUdFt.jpg)

[This is him on field day for school](http://i.imgur.com/f1QlQAT)
[Request] I just found out that this subreddit existed and it is awesome! I would love to get pizza'd, please.

[Request] Broke dogsitter in Albuquerque, NM hoping for a pizza to watch scary movies with
I'm house/dog sitting for a friend this week who has no food in his house (except for the dog), and I'm broke until he gets back and pays me.

I'd love to kick back with the pup, a pizza, and some movies tonight, and I fully intend on paying it forward once I get some funds.

Happy Halloween!
[Request] Broke university student dying of food scarcity. Highland Park, NJ
Currently studying for my second final and haven't been eating well (mainly just once a day) Most of the time it's maruchan ramen, sometimes those $1 banquet meals if I feel like i deserve it...My Bank of America account has literally 2.67 left! D:

I would be eternally thankful to the stranger that buys me a nice hot pie of pizza! In the future I promise to return the favor!

Also if you need any sort of validation I'm be more than happy to give it to you (to the best of my ability)
Request
Hi, my name is Deborah. I used to help run Burlington Emergency Shelter in Burlington, VT. It is a shelter to help provide housing for up to 22 homeless men and women. They only run on donations. No Federal or State funding is used. They rely on donations to provide a meal each night for their guests. Their guests are ordinary people that either lost their jobs or just couldn't work anymore. I personally know what it is like to be homeless as I had went to the shelter in need myself.  I would like to request that someone or some people would provide pizzas for a meal for the homeless. 10 pizzas would be enough. If anyone would like to help, you can find the shelter's website at beshelter.org. It would make alot of someone very happy!
[REQUEST] - Alone for the holiday weekend and broke. A pie here in Waukegan IL would be a miracle. Here's hoping.

[REQUEST] help me say thank you? (UK, N.Ireland)
I'm staying with a friend's family in Northern Ireland, they've been great hosts, so I'd love to treat them but I'm broke and waiting on two unpaid paycheques. 

There are 3 of them + me here, I leave tomorrow. 

Grateful for anyone who helps out. My friend is an avid redditor and it'd make his day to receive a RAOP

[Request] Just Lost Job, Near Nashville, TN Bit Hungry..
Hey.. Just lost my job due to the owners going bankrupt. Not only that but we're not receiving our last paychecks as far as I know. I just spent 1.5 weeks working for money I may not receive. 

Five minutes ago I just paid my bills.. I now have $1.04 to my name now. If someone would care to simply be awesome I'd love to eat today. 
[REQUEST] A pizza would wonderful.
My funds are getting really low. I fucking love pizza, but I ate my last frozen one two days ago. Then yesterday I finished off my shitty instant rice. 
[Request] Living within our means, haven't had pizza in forever! (OHIO)
Hello! My son (8) and I are were just talking about Pizza, he loves it. (of course!) We live within or means and don't eat out often, but he is making me crave Pizza now. I then remembered this little nook on Reddit. It's our first time requesting, and I will offer when I have the extra cash! =) Here's our pic! http://imgur.com/9n55g and we have a verification code! Thank you! 
[Request] Just need a little help with dinner since I'm broke and struggling. Pizza would make me so happy in my tummy! (Texas)
I'm broke for another two weeks and so dang hungry for some good eats. I paid my rent today, and got my phone turned back on, and now I've got nada to last me until my next check. Not to mention, I owe some money to the bank due to some ridiculous overdraft fees that I did not intentionally incur. My rent check was cashed by my landlord really late, after I thought he'd already taken it out a while back. I had to ask my roommate to cover the utility bills until I can pay my half later (I'll be sharing the possible pizza with her too, she's an angel). 

I'm steadily working on a film my friends and I are making, which I love, but buying supplies for what I want/need to do along with paying my bills has left me in a bit of a rut. Frankly, I fucked up on my budget. I have an interview for a second job tomorrow, which I'm pretty stoked about. 

Other than that, I love pizza, so naturally Random_Acts_Of_Pizza is freaking awesome. If someone meets my request, I'll pay you back or someone else once I get back on my feet in a few weeks, no problem.  
[Request] Coworkers got pizza stolen, i attempted to help and was ultimately accused of stealing it. Send me a taste of what I'm being blamed for?
So my coworker's lunch got stolen. I felt bad for him since it had happened to me before (we work in a fairly big building with lots of strangers coming though so theft happens). I offered to help him get another one and even to go pick it up for him. Apparently this is tantamount to admission of guilt? Next thing i know I'm being accused of being the dastardly pizza thief.  

I haven't even had pizza in ages, but if anyone has a spare pie id love to be caught with some evidence. :3
[REQUEST] Got into a car wreck on Feb 7th Haven't been able to work since.
Hey guys i got into a car wreck month ago. I was driving though an intersection(My green light) when a speeding taxi who needed to get his fare to the airport at 6am in the morning.

I Span in the work van, im not sure how many times but the location of my work van showed that i had spun a 360 at least once. 

I haven't been able to work since due to my injury. I have filed a claim, and they have accepted it... I Just don't have that cheque yet and my bank account gets smaller everyday. 

Im just a 20y dude who is cravin some pizza with no means to the finish line. 
[Request] Alarm never went off, no time to eat before work
My alarm did not go off before work this afternoon, so I did not have any time to grab a bite to eat before work, and I'm here until midnight. I don't get paid again until Thursday, though, and I just had all my bills due. Pizza would be awesome, will pass it on come Thursday.
[Request] In my last semester of college and not getting paid next until the end of the month. A pizza would be great as my fridge sits empty
Wrapping up my last semster of college, amongst working part time and getting paid bi-weekly I have no food at home to speak of, what with an empty fridge and bare cabinets my hunger grows to an inmeasurable depth. Can a fellow anon help a redditor out by putting some pizza in their growling stomach. I will return the favor when my part time job pays me at the end of the month. 
[REQUEST] St.Pete Florida. My brothers and I have nothing to eat at home, our parents are at work and we have no money to buy ourselves.
Thank you in advance to the kind soul who might hopefully buy us a pizza. 
[REQUEST] Alone for the holidays, broke after making sure fiancee can see family for holidays.California
I unfortunately am having to spend the holidays alone, which included my birthday, this december. I made sure the fiancee could go see her family that is visiting from korea and i stayed home with our pup and am voluntarily working the holidays so that coworkers can be with family since i am unable to this year. I used my last funds to get the fiancee to her grandpas and won't have any more until after the new year. A pizza would make a really awesome meal for me and would keep me from having to munch on plain rice for atleast tonight and tomorrow :)
[request] mother of 2 needs some food please
this is my first time on this site, but i thought i should give it a try because i am really struggling. my husband of 4 years walked out on me and the kids almost a month ago. he got a new job and just up and left. we had a joint bank account and that all that has been feeding me and the kids, but now he transferred most of the money out of it and we have nothing. i was a stay at home mom, but now i am looking for a job so that me and my kids can get toiletries and basic supplies. my parents are still in the picture, but they dont understand why i dont try to reconnect with my husband, who i havent even spoke to and cannot find. they sent my children diapers, but im low on those now. all i am looking for is pizza for tonight it would make my kids day and cheer them up. there dad was a good man at one time and my kids still love him. they miss him and dont understand why he left. i couldnt bear to tell them the truth so i said he went on a trip. please somebody help us out with dinner for tonight. 
[Request] My nights off this week are tonight and tomorrow, but payday isn't until Saturday.
Minimum wage, overnight part time convenience store/gas station clerk because the economy in WA state is really terrible.  Even for myself, as a thirty year old with a degree (well, a two year but its not nothing).  


My favorite is what my friend has dubbed "girly pizza" (I assume because theres no meat) but I would stuff anything in my fat face gladly &lt;3
[REQUEST] Plano, Tx, USA College kid needs to eat
Hey RAOP, I'm a student, and out of food, I just got a new job and I'm in the new job pay limbo... It would be awesome if someone could help me out tonight. Thanks Reddit.
[request]wife just kicked me out. The friend that took me in tonight and myself are hungry. 
Caught her sleeping with boss.  Springfield Missouri area.  Thanks.
[Request] Stuck at home on my birthday in Naperville, IL, while my parents are visiting my great-uncle in Germany. A pizza would make my day right now.
I will owe you the world. Thanks.
[Request] Broke hungry man in NoVA.
Hey there everyone. I hate asking for handouts but things are a little tight right now after traveling for the holidays and I had barely enough to cover my rent this month. All I have in the kitchen is some ramen and nasty chicken rice stuff. If anyone would be so kind as to get me some pizza tonight I'll repay them once I get paid, or if you'd prefer I'll buy someone else here some pizza.

Thanks Reddit
Request ithaca new york 
just left PA to move to new york to couch surf with a friend until next month when my VA check comes in so i have enough money to get a studio apt with 1st months rent and security deposit due , i have zero funds im a disabled vet and had 3 surgical proceedures done last week , i sure would love a warm pizza but most of all i want to share it with my friend to in some way do something nice for her to repay in some small way the kindness and generosity she gave me 
     thanks , Louie
( REQUEST PLEASE ) student NEEDS food [Proof]
I am so hungry, me and my roommate have had only saltine crackers to eat for like the last 2 days, we spend all our money on our bills :(  the groceries are the last thing to stock for the sake of everyone always coming to our place to eat our food. Everything has been really short lately and it just sucks! , If you could help out in any way that would be amazing. It would be very filling and a great surprise for my roommate...I would pay it forward in due time to someone else in need.

thank you, &lt;3

here is me, starving : http://i.imgur.com/GYmNY.jpg

[Request] Pittsburgher needs pizza for watching Steelers game
Would love a delicious pizza instead of having to cook for Monday Night Football!  It's either pizza or beans and rice, which isn't as celebratory for what's sure to be a great game.  My husband would be way happier with pizza.
[Request] Job shorted my last paycheck. Get paid Wednesday though
Life is rough as is but especially when your job shorts your check 8 hours.  I get paid again Wednesday though and that check will have the hours I was missing from last pay day added on.

I'm in Dallas, the Cowboys scored over 20 points last night and Papa John's has a promo for 50% off.  With half off, I figure I can be fed until Wednesday.  Help?

I will definitely pay it forward.

:EDIT:

Request fulfilled.
[REQUEST] Windsor, ON. Poor college student with no money and no food.
I won't have any money until Thursday and even then it's only $300; $160 of which will go to bills which leaves me with $140 for groceries for the entire month of October. I just want some food when I get home after my 9-9 classes today :( 
[REQUEST] Hull, Yorkshire. On my own for the night and don't get paid till the end of the month, would LOVE some pizza. I'll return the favour when I can.

[Request] Little brother's birthday tomorrow!!! Help me out?
Tomorrow is his 5 birthday and I want to do something to celebrate it. Im not old enough to get a job (14) and my dad has no money :( Will someone help me out? God bless however took the time to read this, and have a good day everyone.
(Request) student just it done with finals. Would love a nice warm pizza to celebrate but have 16 cents to my name.
(Request) student just it done with finals. Would love a nice warm pizza to celebrate :)

EDIT: in central IL  
[REQUEST] Colorado USA, what happens when your food stamps run out?
You hope some kind redditor might just send you a pizza! I've never done this before but i can supply pictures of us dressed as pirates as compensation!
[REQUEST] Help out a broke student?
Hey guys,

I've made my way in to uni at 8:30pm to work on assignments and get ahead in general. I came straight from a netball game to here, so haven't eaten a thing since lunch.

To explain the title, I am absolutely and completely broke in terms of both spirit and cash. The year started off with my girlfriend of 4 years breaking up with me and having to move out, which sunk me into a state of depression.

I was working full time, but had plans in place to go back to uni and leave my job. My annual leave payout was going to cover my credit card debts, and I was to rely on welfare + a part time job to cover rent, bills, petrol, etc. The annual leave payout was a lot less than I anticipated, as I was taxed a lot, meaning I could only pay off one credit card, and the rest paid my rent in advance for a couple of weeks to make sure there were no issues there. Centerlink have screwed me around, and have told me I may potentially be waiting six months before they start paying me. I've been looking, but struggling, to find part time work. I made $100 last week for fixing a family members computer, and I put in about 15 hours of work to earn that money, but haven't seen any more since. 

My car rego is now overdue, I have two months of unpaid phone bills that need to be paid, when I run out of petrol (I have about half a tank at the moment) I have no idea how I'm going to get to and from uni, and I have absolutely no idea where the money for my car payment and insurance is going to come from on Friday. Not to mention the required payments for my other two credit cards, which I'm now starting to get payment reminders for.

The reason I'm struggling with uni is that because of the depression, I'm also suffering from anxiety, and it has been a real struggle to get myself to uni. I've been stressing about where the money is going to come from to cover all my bills, and what I'm going to do when I need to start making rent payments again. Not to mention being out dealing with centerlink and desperately looking for work.

Please help a fellow redditor in need out and sort me out with a pizza to help me get through the night. When a source of income comes in, I am more than happy to return the favour. When I do have money, I try to regularly made it a habit to help people out. I'm also happy to fulfil requests, but bear in mind that I'm at uni.

Thanks in advance =)

[Request] US Married couple in between jobs would love to enjoy a warm Pi today!
(Tennessee USA) It is a day to celebrate after all! We just can't afford to dine. If anyone feels the need to give we would appreciate it! Even if you don't we both hope you have a fantastic Pi Day! 
*edit for the state
[Request] I'm a college student who had their wallet stolen a few days ago. For the past 2 to 3 days, I have been eating sparingly out of 4"x7" box of leftovers from a friend's dinner party. 
Current situation: So, for the last two weeks, things haven't been so great. Not only have I've been fighting a bad cold for over 3 weeks, my wallet has been stolen, my pet has died, and I was denied a job interview because I'm going to school.
For the past 2 to 3 days, I have been eating sparingly out of 4"x7" box of leftovers from a friend's dinner party. 
I hate asking for things, but, I am really hungry. I would greatly appreciate it if someone could help me out. Thank you.

Update: [ActionEra](http://www.reddit.com/user/actionera) saved me!! :D Thank you everybody for reading. If you guys know how to put a [Received] in the title, let me know. 
(Request) Can't come up with a snappy title. Just a little broke.
I sort of survived all day yesterday on a jar of crunchy peanut butter, and most if not all of my income is going to a lease that I have to finish for the next two months. I really like playing music, skating, and playing video games, but I don't really have the energy right now. If you guys could help me out, I could probably make the slices last me the week. Thanks for your time.
[REQUEST] Pizza to help a down in the dirt friend
I'm helping my friend out who got kicked out of his house, letting him crash here and offering my time and whatever else he needs. As a result of helping him drink his way out of this (not healthy, I know, but we all deal in different ways, and he IS looking for a new place) we're broke and I'm out of ideas to cheer him up. Then I saw this place. It would be a perfect story, and cheer him up immensely, if some random stranger on the internet helped us out. 
[Request] Shitty Day. No paycheck til Tuesday.
I've been stuck at home unable to go to work for the past few days because I've been.without gas money and no one to carpool with and little money for food til my next paycheck on Tuesday. I would even be willing to repay the deed once I get my paycheck, but am Shit out of luck currently.
[Request]Last night I have my kids for a while, I would rather not feed them ramen...
I'm losing my room tomorrow or the next day, so this is the last time I have my girls until I can find a new house to live in. Being the last night I will see them for a while, I just don't want them to remember their last dinner here as a bowl of ramen. Thanks!
[request] I lost my job in june, don't get paid at my new minimum wage one until Friday, and I have no food. 
[This is my bank statement](http://i.imgur.com/rjhWt.png).  My paycheck on friday might--**might**--get me back to 0.  Rent is due next week.  FML
[ReQuest] Pizza for single hard-working mom!
Hello. My mom got back from a single hard day (night too I guess) of hard work and I'd really love to surprise her with a pizza. 

Please make me dream come true, RAOP! Oh and we're in Toronto, Canada.
[Request] Columbus, OH
Hey folks, 

I've been in a nasty evaluation process for about a month, it's coming to an end soon, and it's looking like I may be out of a job by Christmas.  A pizza would sure brighten my day, and if I do wind up keeping my job, I'll be sure to pay it forward.
[REQUEST] Red Hook, NY. Writing my term paper, roommate and I are both broke and have no dinner for tonight. Would love to have a little pizza for brain food!

[REQUEST] Loves Park, IL
My wife and I are having our 2nd anniversry and we've been eating Ramon for the last week. A pizza sure would make things aLOT better. 
[Request] Longview, TX; I just got a job! Check in two weeks!
I just got hired on as a member of Geek Squad at Best Buy, however I have to wait two weeks for my first check! My roommate and I are low on funds until tomorrow, any chance we could get some assistance today, and then Tag my post I will give with a pie with my first check! 
[Request] Birthday pizza?
So today is my older brother's 18th birthday. We were looking forward to making him a big birthday dinner and everything. Well every year on his birthday he's been stuck at the doctor's office or the dentist. This year it's happened again. My sister has pneumonia in her left lung and is in the ER so no birthday dinner for him sadly. It'd be nice to get a pizza or two for him to celebrate.

And if you can't give a pizza, prayers &amp; best wishes for him and my sister are just as much appreciated. Thanks guys!
[Request] Portsmouth, VA - Foot swollen and should stay in bed...
My foot is swollen and I really should stay in bed, unfortunately I'm getting hungry and shouldn't really stand around the kitchen and cook. Being a college student, I'm also tight on money - so a random pizza would be awesome. :) 
I'm not sure what I can give in return, but when I do get around to getting paid, I'd be more than happy to continue on the random acts of pizza.
[Request] Having A Rough Night, Requesting Pizza To Make It A Little Easier, Connecticut USA
Having a rough night dealing with a good amount of things. Can't really manage cooking for myself, and don't have much of an appetite but need to force myself to eat something. Anyone help a girl out?

I could manage more details, but I'd rather not go into much. Mostly stress from dealing with legal stuff with my abusive ex and my son and trying non-stop to find myself a job with no avail.

Broke, obviously, but will pay it forward as soon as I can. Only have dominos in my area...thanks.
[Request]Out of food, shitty breakup, could go for some pizza.
Here is why today sucks:

-Guy I've been seeing for a little over a month socked me in the face last night, so that's over.

-Can't find a fucking job.

-Roommates just ditched on us after eating our food and not paying bills... because they found a better place.

-Don't get foodstamps refilled until the 9th.

-Totally coming down with something.

Damn it, I would love someone forEVER if I got pizza'd. I'm in New Orleans. The only thing close-ish to me that delivers is Domino's.

Le sigh.

*
[Request] Babysitting four siblings could use some help!
3 girls and one boy, and they've vocally already showed their disdain of eating the standard fare of ramen and more ramen that i always serve. 
[REQUEST] I'm not even going to try to troll you guys.
I'm just hungry I get paid in three days and I'll pay someone a pizza back. Straight up.
[request] Illinois USA, tuition &gt; my food supply.
I spent a few years in the military, now I'm back in school and using grants to pay for everything.  My application for the IVG (Illinois Veteran's Grant) wasn't processed properly and I need to send it back in with my dd-214 (military service record).  In lieu of the grant paying my tuition for this semester I had to take a heavy chunk of money out of my checking to pay for this semester until that finally gets processed/approved to update my account at the university.  I have about 4$ till the 1st and I'm trying to stretch every bit of rice and lentils I have left in the pantry.  I would greatly appreciate a pizza this evening, thank you for your consideration!
[Request] 4 18-20 yr olds living off of shitty diet food in Lakewood, CO
4 18-20 yr olds living off of one of our roommates BF's mom's shitty frozen diet foods. We could really use some "real" food. Only one of use has a real job, 2 work part time and barely make enough for rent, and the fourth (me) is unemployed, and has officially run out of money.
[Request] Michigan, USA Very Low on Food Would Loved to Be Blessed with Cheesy Goodness
Hello fellow redditors things have been tough but I know they will get better eventually. Was wondering if a kind and thoughtful soul could help a family of 5 with a decent meal this Friday evening. Food is almost nil around here and will not be able to buy any until Monday. There are 5 of us. 2 adults, and 3 children if anyone can help. We have a pizza hut that is not too far from the house so an egift card would be perfect. I want to thank you all so much for reading my post.

 ((Hugs))
[request] NY USA Would love to help me through a stressful week
My mother lives in the area effected by the giant little bear fire in New mexico and is waiting to hear if she has a place to live or is coming back to New York to live with me. My father lost his job several month ago and is also likely about to move in with me. These two have been divorced for 20+ years and as much as i love them I have no idea if I can handle that. So I'm sitting here stressed out already wondering if I have enough to survive this economic hellstorm myself, let alone save my parents. I would love a pizza right now.
[Request] Broke until I get a job, pantry is bare.
Hey, I don't have a lot of food around the house at the moment, and I probably won't be getting a paycheck for a few weeks at least, so I'm asking if one of you kind redditors would like to buy this bloke a pizza.

Many thanks in advance.
[Request] Hungry and without money/job, could go for a pizza to tie me over today
I was stupidly laid off of my last job and have been without work for the past two months. I could definitely go for a pizza. In return I'll send you something precious of your choosing.


**EDIT:** I live in Kansas. Close friends with the Kents. Haven't seen Clark around lately. Would love a pizza instead.
[REQUEST] Help me start 2012 with a pizza...
Or I will just be forced to eat food at my work, and we only sell popcorn and pretzels. I hardly ever eat anything other than food from my work because I barely ever have extra money and I feel guilty buying food when I can eat that stuff for free. I make ten cents over minimum wage at my job and had to work 72 hours in the past two weeks so I could pay my rent. I just got paid yesterday and all but $27 of my paycheck has to go towards rent tomorrow. I will only have that $27 for the next two weeks. I feel bad asking for charity but I hope someone out there will take pity on me and buy me something delicious. Thank you!
[REQUEST] Orange County, CA, USA - Budgeting mishap = no food
Long time occasional lurker, first time poster here. I am 21, a recent college graduate, who managed to land a game programming job prior to graduating (and by luck my job actually pays well), however this month when trying to get ahead in tuition loan payments and spending a bit to try to get into basic electronics engineering as a hobby I managed to somehow end up in quite the situation. Due to a compounding of unexpected expenses, netflix pulling money out of the wrong (and empty) account, a rather large (at least for me) loan payment, and well simply an outright failure to budget this month... I managed to become absolutely broke aside from the bare minimum I need to get to work once this week (I work from home mostly as well). 

For the past week I've been limited to the scarce quanitity of frozen meals that I bought about two weeks prior, however three weeks ago for what ever reason I acquired a large amount of soda. I ran out of food two days ago and my only intake since then has been soda. At first I was like, "No big deal, I get paid in a few days", but that has turned into "MAYBE IF I USE THESE NAIL CLIPPERS I CAN CARVE A HOLE IN THIS 360 CONTROLLER TO LIVE IN THIS SODA CAN COLLECTION" mental instability.

Long story short, I have no karma, no food, but get paid in about 3-6 days (my job is slowly moving to direct deposit but hasn't set me up yet...) and I would really like a pizza. In exchange, I'd be more than willing to pay you back as soon as I get paid, or do some small task of some reasonable sort.

I prefer Dominos, a medium pizza and a "build your own breadbowl pasta" (usually a coupon deal online) can last me almost two days, but really I'll take whatever I can get as I'm not exactly in a position to choose.

Heres a link to my outdated blog for some loose type of verification? (I also have one of those verification system code things as well).
http://www.forecourse.com

Also, what I've been 'eating' the last two-three days:
http://a5.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/392812_1674416038329_1775307151_885951_630529237_n.jpg
[REQUEST] My fridge and wallet are empty and Pizza sounds pretty good. Also heres a video of my cat
Got a couple of friends coming over and itd be really awesome if we could all share some pizza

Heres a video of my cat being pretty cool. 

[Meow](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21mDTy5tDc8)

-----

Video Fixed! 

Im in the yuba sutter area in california. I think dominos is really my only option. 
[Request] Fridge Took a Shit on Me and Spoiled All My Food :(
I just got home from a weekend at my parent's house to find that the my refrigerator stopped working. Everything is spoiled with the exception of unopened cans of pop. I spent all my money while I was out of town and am looking for somethin to eat. Thanks for reading 
[Request] New State, No Job or Money.
I recently moved from California to Lynchburg, Virginia...
A very big change of pace. And didn't realize that city life is so much easier. I have a bad knee from a previous injury and didn't know everything would be soooo far apart. Now I need to save for a car.. with no income. So everything I have with me, has to go to hopefully finding a cheap vehicle. 
A pizza would be very nice right now. My luck has not been so great. 
[Request] Phx, Az Former Front Pager, Fallen from grace
Roommate and I are very poor, and also drunk off of jug wine. Very Hungary too. Help a brotha out?
[REQUEST] Pa, Kids are off school today, I would like to treat them to PIZZA
I homeschool my kids and they have a day off today. I call it a Mom in service day. Anyway, I would love to treat them to a pizza lunch but lack the funds to do so. A pizza lunch from a kind redditor would be great. Thanks if you can help.
[Request] Big Love marathon with my son, we could use a pie! Austin, Tx
Mommy's at work so me and my son are stuck hanging around the house watching DVD's tonight. we're pretty low on food till Thursday. Save us from going three nights in a row of Mac N Cheese!

(halfway through season 1 of Big Love, then were going to watch some Mad Men)
[Request] Please help me buy Pizza.
I'm already a bit strapped for cash this summer.  But I manage to have a good time.  Unfortunately, on my way to my friend's house last night in the Champaign region, I got robbed at gunpoint near my house.  While he didn't get really any money from me, he got my phone, ID, and cards, and without those, I can't use the little money I have, especially since all of those will have to be replaced... for money.  :/  My friend suggested this to me, and I was wondering if any of you could help me out.  Thanks for listening ^_^.
[Request] Aiken, SC
Happy Veterans Day! I'd like to make a request that someone out there make Ramen illegal. My family and I have eaten nothing but ramen for a week and it has slowly but surely drained everyone in my household. We try dressing it up with canned sauce, but it's still really bad. Can you help a brotha out with something that doesn't taste like wet cardboard tonight? My wife, kids, and myself would appreciate the kind gesture. My kids can also make you a you tube video if you like laughing at silly things. Nothing too graphic or obscene (they're 10 and 12), but I'm sure they can make you a funny video of just about whatever you like within reason. (Daddy has to approve of the theme.)

If you can't help, thank you for checking out my post. I was joking about ramen being a crime - We are thankful to have it, but wish we could have something different. Thank you and hope ya'll enjoy your Friday. 
[Request] Hoping for a pizza
I really hate to do this. I am not the type of person to ask people for help...ever. However, I am 21 years old and I live on my own. I make minimum wage and I always make sure to pay all of my bills on time. Unfortunately, once all my bills are paid...there is not always money left over for food. I'm not exactly sure how this all works but I thought it was worth a try. I don't get paid again until next Thursday but I will survive if I don't get a pizza. I have 0$ to my name but it is not a big deal because I don't drive or anything. So really all I need is a little bit of food. If someone would be willing to help me out that would be awesome and I would be totally willing to pay it forward to someone else in need in the future when I am able to. Thanks for reading this. This is a humbling experience!Oh yeah and by the way I do it all on my own with no government assistance and have been since I was 17 years old. Not sure if that really makes a difference or not...
[Request] Texas, USA: $10 left to my name, and I haven't eaten all day. I'd love a small pizza in exchange for my eternal gratitude (or a DotA 2 invite)
Title says it all... I had some unexpected expenses today that drained me of my money for the rest of the week. Haven't eaten since I had a cup of yogurt about 13 hours go and I'm startin' to feel it. If anyone is able to help me out with a small pepperoni I'd truly appreciate it, and if you're into gaming I can shoot you an invite to DotA 2! 

(REQUEST) Mobile, Al 20,000 bucks in debt, would like a pizza right about now lol
Just closed down my store laying in bed, broke, in debt, thinking of what to do next, starving...would love a pizza...thx guys
[Request] High Bridge, NJ- It's my birthday!
I'd love a pizza for my birthday. I'm not going out anywhere and I have my two children who'd like some too. I don't have a car and the only place that delivers is Dominos. Thank you for reading, even if you can't donate! 
[REQUEST](Germany) Last time my favourite pizza 
before I get chemo?
Hi guys. Situation as following: Im gonna get a surgery tomorrow, and 2 days after that get chemotherapy. I want to eat my favourite pizza once more before going to hospital, because the food there is just awful, and I will not be allowed to get any food on my own for like a month(because I got none immune system at all). 
I`ve got no money at this moment, and my mum denies to buy me one because she did cook something too.
So, I got no big hopes but I`ll give it a try here :D .
Proof for the chemo: http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/j9qpb/iama_sick_16_years_old_with_myelodysplastic/

Also at this moment im having a Venae Needle in my arm, can take a photo of it and my nick or whatever you wish.(they need it for tomorrow so they can make me sleep before they get access to my heart).

Btw. I doubt anyone is here from germany, so I have paypal also, I would need 8=~15$ or something.
[Request] hungry and alone
I'm sitting here with no where to go and no one to talk to for the moment. I've had a rotten hangover all day I can't shake and I'm starving. Can someone please help?
[REQUEST] two College students would like their second to last night of Ramadan fast to be broken with Pizza in Hayward, CA 
So, I'm from NY. I haven't tried the pizza in Hayward yet as I'm a new student. I thought a fun way to break fast would be with pizza, so does anyone feel like helpin'? Earn your sawab today! :D
[REQUEST] Reunion in Southern California
I haven't seen my best friend in over 5 years. I was finally in the area, and gave him a call, but he lived really far away. I scrounged up all the gas money I could to go see him, and ended up with just enough for there and back. He is a poor college kid, and has no food (his girlfriend and him have an arrangement.) Please help us relive the glory of our teenage years. Message me for address.
[Request] Beaverton Oregon
My wife just lost her job, and her medication is failing her bipolar. I've just gotten a crappy grade on yet another test in managerial accounting. Its days like these that keep kicking you in the balls. A pepperoni and sausage pizza would make life so much better.

EDIT: Just found out that students don't qualify for food stamps. Stupidest. rule. ever.
[Request] Girlfriend just broke up with me, in a house by myself, no money (United Kingdom)
Girlfriend of 9 months just broke up with me, turns out she slept with a guy after a night out 2 weeks ago. Had a feeling she had as everything was different (No intimacy etc) and today she told me on the phone, she leaves for Thailand tomorrow (She's an English teacher going out there for a year)

I live with my parents and they've all gone to another family members 21st birthday, didn't really feel like going but now I massively regret it, just sat here in the house with no one to talk to/vent except our mangy old cat.

Would really appreciate something to smile about. 
[request] I lost my job because my boss didn't tell me that our store was going out of business
yeah so I have almost exactly enough money for rent and electric for this coming month. The problem is I don't have money for anything else. My roommate won't buy groceries because he eats at work and I have been two days without real food. It would be nice to be able to have a pizza to call my own 
[Request] Order me pizza and I can pay 
paypal, please and thanks. (:
It would take me like 2 days to transfer to a bank account, and I have no money right now. I'd really appreciate it.
Thanks(:
[REQUEST] Wilmington NC. Just found this subreddit from r/assistance, going to give it a try!
Hey guys, I was just in the r/assistance part of reddit and was linked to this subreddit. I dont really know how this works as it is my first time, but i'm hungry. I can give you the long story, but we all have ours. Basically im so broke its sad. I live paycheck to paycheck and I have overstretched myself this week and im hungry. I have rice, but 3 days of rice and even the most desperate of people will grow tired of it. (I also have been eating it plain due to no soysauce) :/

If anyone could send me a pizza I would be more grateful than I can express. I can pay it back as well, but not until next friday when I get paid. 

thanks
[Request] I would like to help my parents in a rather meager way. 
I am recently unemployed and had to move back in with my parents. I'm incredibly appreciative of them allowing me to stay with them but I feel terribly guilty about the financial burden I am putting on their already thinly stretched wallets. 

I would be very grateful to anyone who could provide a meal that is not on my parents' dime. I am in the Iowa area and have a verification code and hope to find some way to repay anyone's kindness.
[Request] Michigan USA, Living off of $20 for the next two weeks, would love a pizza for dinner tonight!
The entirety of my last paycheck went to paying rent and I just moved into my new apartment so I have very little food. If anyone is willing to provide me with food tonight I would be forever grateful.
[Request] (USA) My wallet was stolen today and I just want to feel like someone out there is not a jerkface. Hungry, broke, and broken.

[Request] Broke and had a rough few days.
Been a rough few days with work and my personal life. Cell phone bill overdrew my account last night, had to borrow some money to get it back positive and be able to buy my bus tokens to get to work. Will pay it forward as soon as I'm able to.

Located in Northeast Philadelphia, can offer whatever verification needed.
[Request] Student cramming for finals, can't leave my apartment
Please and thank you!
[Request] Broke college kid can't make rent. Stressed and studying for mid-terms.
Fridge is empty (aside from useless condiments, cheese, salsa... and milk).

A pizza would be much appreciated. :)

**Edit:** Location: MN.
[Request] *Generic "I'm Starving" title*
Hey guys,

I promised myself I wouldn't do this because I'd feel terrible, but after not eating anything for the past days (except German chocolate), I figured I would at least try this. 

So here's the [true] story: Student (of course), living in Canada (parents live in Michigan]. I am absolutely broke as my most recent funds were drained into parking tickets and a plane ticket for my brother's wedding. 

I'm not going to complain that my situation is worse than anyone else's-- I have my sweet hamster asleep on my leg and I have season 4 of 30 Rock, so I'm bearing with it. *swallows pride* But I'm starving. If you're generous enough to send me pizza, give me your address and as soon as I have money for shipping I will send you out all the German chocolate I have, as well as a post card and a bag of Reeses Peanut Butter cups. I will do anything to make it even with you. And be your pen pal. :)

Thanks in advance. Seriously. 
[Request] A couple of pies...maybe?
I have a coupon for papa johns which gives 50% off for pizza. That's two large pepperoni for less than 15 bucks. Sadly a bit beyond my financial means at the moment. It would go a long way toward dinner for a few days.


[Request] PHX Something for Me and the Roomies
Its been a while since I've been on a site where random people can get together and contribute something real.  I miss the days when Bots in a chat room (that most people goto irc doesn't count, those bots are friendly) were a minority, . 

Myself and room mates do a lot of donation of our time and limited resources, helping those less fortunate that showed up at the Occupi.  
When we have an abundance we try to make the trickle down thing work, but it is tough to do with food, preparing, freshness...

The local Z-Pizza is good.  1 roommate is vegetarian, and 1 is vegan.  They aren't the picky type they just take the meat of and give it to me.

Also if someone at the pizza place drew something funny on the box the we'd appreciate a good laugh. will post pix of pizza box.
[Request] Because I'm not sure this even works. Been playing BLOPS2 all day, and now require sustenance to proceed.
I doubt anyone will send. But if you do, I'd be happy to take pics of me enjoying the pizza. I like Italian sausage and bacon.
[request] saved a puppy from the pound...now im broke
Hello, I was wondering if maybe somebody out there could help me out...I know these people that got kicked out of their house, they were going to take their dog to the pound since they themselves had no place to live and i didnt want the dog to be put down or live out in the cold in utah (he would die he is tiny), they were feeding him horrible food and couldnt afford dog food so i spent of the last of my money on gas and dog food and a leash for him and now i dont get paid until thursday

was hoping somebody could help me out and i can pay it back this friday 

I dont know if this will work but here is a photo of the little guy, his name is otis: (his name was gizmo but i changed it)

https://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&amp;ik=73f87cebbc&amp;view=att&amp;th=133a31a88fcafd49&amp;attid=0.1&amp;disp=inline&amp;realattid=1385474349507543040-1&amp;zw
[request] North Kackalacky USA wants to inhale pizza
just finished finals and hungry af. just figured i'd give it a shot haha
(Request)My family and I could use a pizza.. please !
I use food stamps, and we ran out of them this month because of Christmas dinner. My fiance gets paid tomorrow, but tonight we don't have anything to eat. I have three small children too. One pizza would probably be enough, We would really appreciate it. Thank you and God bless.
[Request] Columbus, GA Very prego Momma craving a pizza :)
I'm 37weeks pregnant and would love nothing more than a Stuffed Crust Super Supreme Pizza mmmm (mouth watering) Just something I am craving but we don't have the money to splurge on right now ;-) Please b my Pizza Angel :)
[REQUEST] Have no money until Thursday. Ate nothing yesterday. Hopefully somebody can help me out. - USA
I'd appreciate it so much if someone would help tide me over. I don't really have a sob story, it's my fault for not budgeting better but times are tough... been so busy studying and working part time. Hopefully I can  pay it forward.
[Request] Will draw you something for a pie!
Hey y'all, I'm pretty hungry and have to wait until tomorrow night for any money. I will draw you [well more like a sketch] anything, for some pizza.
Plus I will be paying it forward tomorrow, double time, or maybe three times. (Most likely thrice!)

**EDIT:** Hey y'all never mind, you may ignore this post now, feel welcomed to request a drawing though, no pizza needed :)
[Request] Pennsylvania, USA. Would love to get some pizza in the ol gut. 
If someone comes through, I will give you an awesome shout out in a YouTube video tonight! (3,000+ Subscribers)
[Request] In Southern Utah alone and stuck at work with hunger pains. A pizza would be nice.
Hey, my mom went out of state leaving me in charge of the family biz while she is gone. It's 2pm and I can't leave to get lunch. Not like I know how to drive anyways. Would a pizza be too much to ask for? Please. Thanks. :)
[Request]Broke college students without food during finals week. Need some fuel to study.
My roommates and I all have finals this week and we are all in between paychecks. We would really love some pizza, we will definitely be paying it back when we have the chance.
[Request] Slow Canada Post leaving me broke and hungry
hello fellow redditors,

I am a contract programmer, and have been waiting over a week and a half for Canada Post to deliver at least one of my recent pay cheques.

So far I've managed to get by on a bit of groceries I had in my cupboard and from the food bank... but these supplies have unfortunately run dry.

Every day, I check the mail like an eager kid waiting for that parcel he ordered from the back of a comic book... but so far, nothing.

I tend to be really generous when I do have cash and have bought many meals for hungry folks... and will certainly be putting up an [Offer] post in here when my cheques finally do arrive.

If anyone out there sympathizes with the daily sinking heart feeling of waiting for that *special and important piece of mail*... please help a brother out?

Thanks guys!

**EDIT:** I live in Victoria, BC, Canada ... Postal Code: V8T 4A6 ... there is a [Pizza Zone](http://www.pizzazone.ca/) and a [Palagio Pizza](http://www.palagio.ca/) very close by to me!
[REQUEST] On a road trip with little cash, haven't had a pizza in weeks
Been driving solo from Florida to LA since May 15th, camping in forests and national parks and crashing on people's couches when I can. Mostly eating canned food and boxed stuff like cereal and granola bars. I'm in Phoenix right now and would really love a piping hot pizza.
(REQUEST) 3 year anniversary today, nothing to surprise hubby with :(
My husband is the best husband, father, and friend I could possibly ask for.  In addition to his full time job, he also works a part time job so that we can make ends meet, but we hardly have anything left for anything extra.  For our anniversary today, we made each other gifts and I wanted to make him a nice dinner, but we recently had to drain our bank accounts to pay for an (unexpected) car repair. I would really like to do something extra nice for him.  Can someone please help me make this happen?
[Request] Hungry teenager has no food and can't go home for lunch and would really enjoy some pizza! (Canada)
I haven't been able to afford much in a while and it would be awesome if someone could help a brother out! The person who buys will get a drawing and a song, both of their choice sent to them via the interwebs.
[Request] Please send me a pizza
I am hungry and i have nothing to eat at home we have been eating the same food everyday and i woul dlike something new. but my parents wont buy me a pizza and i would have to pay for it but i dont have any money. Please send me a pizza
[REQUEST] Going to be designing well into the night because boss changed deadline. Want food, don't have the time. 
Raleigh, NC
[request] [ky] Would love a pizza dinner to cheer myself up!
So my husband has gone to Michigan to be with his father who is dying from cancer. He is waiting until his first paycheck then getting our house and a u-haul and us lol. I am leaving my mother and sister behind, and am a bit nervous about it. So until I get there, everything is a bit limited! Would anyone like to spoil me and my two toddlers to a pizza dinner? =D

BTW, this is NOT a crises for food, we have plenty in the kitchen, just wanted something a bit more fun =D
[Request] Spent the entire day in the lab and missed dining hours (again). Pizza please?
I'm a hungry, poor, pre-medical student. Feed me. Please.
I'm in Raleigh, North Carolina. I highly appreciate it! Really!
(Orange is the New Black+Pizza would really make my busy, busy night.)
[REQUEST] Another broke college student here, from Davis, California
My bank account is completely empty (http://i.imgur.com/Sl7GO.jpg), and I'm eating my last can of pork and beans right now. Financial aid doesn't come in for another month, and I could really use something delicious for dinner tonight.

I mean, I have other foodstuffs, I'd just rather I didn't have to eat rice pilaf again.
[Request] Eau Claire, WI Not Hungover, Not going through crazy times, just hungry.
I have not one item of groceries in my house until I get paid this week and I'm pretty darn hungry.  If someone would be willing to help out it'd really make my day, thanks for any consideration.
[Request] [UK] Student with no debit card until friday, burned through ramen reserves and turning to reddit
My wallet got stolen two weeks ago and due to complications with my address can't get my new card until friday. Bank was closed all weekend and burned through all my reserve 20p noodles.

Haven't had anything today and need to walk over 4km tomorrow (edit: to the bank in town) because cant afford the bus, would appreciate the energy boost
[request] Toowoomba Australia, Hawaiian for the heat.

[REQUEST] Hungry dad with no food in Kent, WA
Hello everyone,

This is my first time here, I have just heard about it and decided to give it a shot since I have little food.

I live in Kent, WA and we just had a really big snowstorm which put my apartment out of power for 5 days, as well as about 400,000 other homes. I have already been struggling and what little food I had frozen has now been spoiled, even the milk in my refridgerator. I live pay check to pay check and I did not anticipate this, I do not even have the money to purchase a gallon of milk.

I was hoping one of the kind souls out there could gift me a pizza that I could enjoy with my son, it would really help so much as all we have is about 6 cup of noodles and 2 boxes of Mac and cheese (with no milk) to make it until payday this Friday.

If somebody could help me out I would be so happy, pizza from anywhere, it doesn't matter... Just something to eat.

I would gladly repay the favor forward when I get paid and gift somebody else in need.

Thank you for listening,
Mikey
[Request] 18 year old with out any food or money (NYC)
I am currently 18 and living on my own, and I have not eaten in the last three days, I am $-1 in the bank, I can provide with proof if required. My check should come on Tuesday, and until that arrives I will be with out any food. I tried contacting my former stepmother for help but that hasn't been any help at all, just voice mail. Any help will be greatly appreciated, and I will attempt to pay it forward the second I can. 

 Thank you for taking your time to read this. I greatly appreciate it. 

Edit: I can provide whatever proof you may need 
[Request] Broke and hungry - Oregon
Broke, pregnant and hungry. We won't get foodstamps till the 4th. Would be awesome to get a pizza or two. 

Thanks guys!
[Request] Olathe, KS, USA. Starving writer will give you stories for pizza!
I am an up-and-coming sci-fi and comic book writer who is chronically short on funds and pizza. I also have a fiance' and two kids living with me. For your generous donation of pizza, I will send you either MS Word .doc or Adobe PDFs of two (count them!), TWO short stories of mine. I will also select a high-quality scan of a classic comic book from my collection and share that with you (I'll try to come up with a short list from which you can pick).
[Request] OH | Lost my financial aid so I'm back at my old job I had in high school.  Could really use a pick me up.
Hey all, 
title pretty much explains it.  My first paycheck isn't until thursday so I'm broke and hungry until then. When I do get paid you can count on me to pay it forward.
Thanks :) 
[Request] Durham, NC
Single mom, 2 kids, laid off, no food stamps yet, don't even have bread or milk...my life sucks. I feel like a shitty mom. 
I've got a [Request] And an [Offer!]
Okay guys so I'm kind of in the mood for some pizza, but I'd rather buy one for someone else! And I'm in an extra good mood today so I want to give two Redditors down on their luck some pizza today, and would also like some for myself. So if some lovely person would like to give me a pie, I will give two redditors of their choice a pie!

Edit: I'm all used up for my offers for now. But I'm still taking an offer for some pizza myself if some kind soul would oblige:)
[request] az Unfortunate circumstances
This weekend my vehicle took a poop and now its a 1200 dollar repair to get my car fixed. I cant afford that for a whole month and on top of that, I go into work today and they tell me at the end of the month I will be let go from the company because of budget cuts. Single man with a little puppy to feed, got dog food, but a pizza would really bring my spirits up for today.
[Request] My car was just towed so I can't afford to go shopping tonight. Only have peanut butter.
Hi!

I'm an recent grad who just moved to Boston to start an independent game studio with two of my friends. Right now we are grinding out flash games [Examples](http://www.bored.com/game/play/151461/Stick_Save.html) to stay ahead of students loans and rent. I don't make much more money than rent here.

I've always heard how awesome and generous this Sub Reddit is, and now I am asking for help!

Help me RAoP your my only hope.

[request] 5 hungry boys in MN
I have 5 boys for the weekend and cash is running low. Would love to give them a pizza party tonight with your help of course ;) We have dominos and pizza hut that deliver to our home  Thanks in advance.
[request] Will draw for pizza
Hey r/Random_acts_of_pizza, I don't normally ask for this sort of thing, but money is super tight right now, and we're down to our last pound of hamburger. Me and my girlfriend won't have a chance to get food again until the 5th, and after hamburger based food for the past week or so, we're sick of it.

So what I'm putting up on the table is, my girlfriend is an excellent artist. She mostly does anime, and stuff, but she's amazing at what she does. 

For proof, [Picture 1](http://i.imgur.com/QvLL5.jpg), [Picture 2, WIP](http://i.imgur.com/mPF5B.jpg)

If you'd like to buy us a medium pie, She will gladly do a piece of art for you, anything you want.(Minus "Mecha") :D

Thanks for browsing, and I hope you have a wonderful day!

**EDIT: Oopsies! We're in Murfreesboro, TN. :D**
[Request] Fetus in Dallas is Causing Mother To Crave Pizza...
Dear RAoP, I am a freelance graphic/web designer working out of my apartment in fabulous Dallas, TX. I also happen to be about 9 weeks 5 days pregnant with my first child. I am extremely hungry, and nothing in my kitchen is doing it for my cravings. (Any pregnant/former pregnant women know what I am talking about!) I have tried to reason with Oran/Orenda and let s/he know that Mama hasn't gotten paid yet, and cannot obtain the pineapple and tomato sauce that seems amazing. However, reasoning does nothing for hormones and fetuses, so I turn to you guys at Random Acts of Pizza. Can someone help, and I will gladly pay it forward/back come Friday!

Proof of an ultrasound can be provided upon request

***request answered thanks jeffreydonger***
Request: Broke recent college grad, -$14.59 in my bank account
I'm broke as a joke and starving right now.  I've used up the little money I had left over the past few weeks, and don't really know how I'm going to make it through the next few weeks.

I would love to sit down with a nice warm pizza tonight and just say f**k it all.
[Request] Hungry, unemployed and alone in Los Angeles.
So, RAoP, I've been unemployed now for 4 months, barely getting by on my unemployment. Surviving, but the jobs aren't looking up. Anyone that can help or be kind, I'd love it. You'd make my week. 
[Request] Pizza to tide a NC college student over? Willing to repay or pay forward later this year...
Been having a very rough time with a few surprise expenses and I have incoming income but it won't be here for about a week. I'm not exactly at "ramen is all I have" status but potatoes, beans, rice, and cream o' wheat will only go so far and a pizza will hold me over for darn near 3 days before I actually finish it. Would anyone care to show me some pizza love?

Fair warning: I may decide to try to talk you out of it if you try to help... don't let me. It's something between pride and optimism... :)

*
[REQUEST] College student. Don't know how to cook. Halp pls. 
I don't know how to cook, and I moved into my apartment at college recently. Someone halp me? I liek pizza. Halp me get the pizzas.
[Request] No access to my money and running low on food (TX)
[A post I made last week.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/comments/ij98l/offer_who_needs_a_pizza_and_why_payingitforward/c2475o2)

I still haven't got my new credit card and I'm running out of food. It's a prepaid card through my work so I can't access my funds from a local branch office.

Any help would be appreciated, and of course, the favor will be paid forward in the future.
[request] Anaheim, CA Just moved and need something to munch on while unpacking
Just moved out right next to Disneyland and I wanted something to eat while I work on unpacking. Heck, might be nice to eat a pizza and watch the fireworks right outside my house!
[Request] Binge watching breaking bad in underwear, show is too good to leave couch, need pizza
I've been watching breaking bad all day trying to catch up to everybody and im starving, the show is too good to leave the couch, plaise halp!
[Request] Ramen and Mac N' Cheese is getting old 
Would be really great to have something other than noodles tonight! A pie would go great this Friday night and some gaming. No sad story here, just college student on a budget!

Thanks all!

Edit: Sorry, Location: Dekalb, IL
[Request] Husband and I would love a pizza but money is tight as we're moving soon and have to save up. Next month we would pay it forward.

[Request] About to have an all night study session in the library and could really go for some pizza
I'm a college student with a midterm worth 30% of my grade tomorrow morning as well as two papers due. It looks like I'll be spending the whole night in the library working, and I could really go for some pizza. I am located in Wisconsin (USA) and Papa Johns is located on campus. If anyone would be willing to donate a pizza, I'd really appreciate it! 
[Request] Broke until next paycheck, Delaware. Really hungry and some pizza would be amazing right now.
I had to pay to get my car repaired this week, leaving me with little money until next Friday when I get paid again. Some pizza would be really amazing. I would definitely pay it forward when I get paid next week.
[REQUEST] Sacramento, CA: I just want some pizza
I have no noble cause to rally any givers to. I am not in absolute need, but I am completely broke and in debt, with a somewhat empty fridge. I am not starving, I have bread and canned goods. I mostly just want some pizza, because pizza is awesome and I'm hungry. Getting over a sunburn so bad I couldn't walk (swelling), if that helps.


All in all, there are better people to get pizza for. But I still want some.
[Request] Portland, Oregon. Will trade LoL champ or Skin of your request (No legendaries) for pizza
We didn't have a formal dinner tonight and I'm not really up for making something. I play League of Legends and have plenty of RP so if someone wants, PM me your League of Legends account info and I will PM you back my address. Once I receive my pizza, you'll get the skin or champ of you choice. Sound good? 

Edit: Offer stands til' 9:30 my time. I gotta get off my ass and eat sometime if I don't get no offahs.
[REQUEST] Los Angeles -- would love to surprise my girlfriend
Can you help make it a date night?

Here's the sitch (is that how you abbreviate it? I know how it's said, but I don't think I've seen it in writing....)

My girlfriend has been working hard to support us since I lost my job. Long hours, crappy boss, you know the drill. 

About an hour ago I just got a short gig, so I can start to contribute again, but it will still be a while before we're back on our feet completely.

As I feel it is my boyfriendly duty, the least I can do for everything she does, I give her a lot of massages. Back, neck, arms, feet, I do it all baby! I'm rubbing those knots out like nobody's business.

But now my hands remind me of my grandpa's (except the skin doesn't look paper thin). Knuckles the size of cherries, stiff as a board. Ok so that's quite an exaggeration, they don't really hurt. But still.

I would love to be able to have a pizza tonight with her, as a sort of thank you type date thing, since we don't always get to eat together and it's never something you find on /r/FoodPorn 

[REQUEST] been job hunting for a while, and just really bummed out.
Lost my job in August. Was my own damn fault but still have not found anything.. Just feelin a little bummy and need some comfort food.
[request] Student dreaming of a lovely cheese pizza, just for me!
I don't eat the baby animals but I do enjoy me some cheese. Vegetable are for salads.

[Request UK London] Fuck you Tesco brand spaghetti, beans, and soup!
So I've been functionally poor for ages now and I didn't realise how long ago it's been since I had pizza until today where I've been hit with an immense craving. I'm not here to boo hoo about how it sucks to have no cash - so many people here have it so much worse than me and I'm lucky just to be able to keep my shit together to the point where I've got a roof over my head.

Anyway - I'm sick to death of supermarket own brand tins of crap and bread that's a day out of date (But 15-20p so bargain, right?). Allow me to have some pizza and allay my fate.

Also seeing as Pizza Hut keep posting vouchers through my door I figured I'd better ask before I forcible return them to sender with a vengeance.

EDIT: I have nothing else to do with my time so I'm just going to chill and wait here :)

EDIT 2: Appreciating the support everyone!
[Request] Englewood, FL. It's the day before payday and my girlfriend and I are craving some Howie's
Our roommates are probably about to cook something tasty that they will not be willing to share as we are not on the best of terms with each other. I think a large pepperoni pizza and one of our Blu-Rays would make for an enjoyable night. Thanks, guys.
[request]
Zalodad and myself would love to have a pizza with our kids tonight! My husband lost his job, our food stamps haven't come in yet and I don't get paid till next week. Plus we have only a couple of dollars for gas and hardly anything in the pantry. If you could help, we would appreciate it! :) 
[request] Pizza for a couple in Mesa, AZ
My fiance Chris and I (Laura) just moved across town to a new apartment. Unfortunately we got screwed over by the moving company (quoted us around $30 for the truck, costed $80 -.-;) and we barely have enough money to get by until pay day (Aug. 1st). I can barely move let alone cook anything and Chris is in worse shape than I am. We would greatly, greatly appreciate even just a single cheap-o cheese pizza so we can eat. Please help. :(
[Request]Single mother, pizza would boost spirits
My foodstamps come in on the 8th and I have 13 dollars of it left. It would be nice to have some piece of mind for a night. I don't really want to broadcast my life and what is going on but if you would like to know for some legitimacy I can tell you. I just need some cheering up and have someone nice to come along to keep my faith up.

-Edit-
I'm in Lakewood/Denver CO area
[Request] Pessimism dies hard &amp; 1st world problems...
I am really encouraged by this subreddit but am still a bit disbelieving that random strangers are so willing to help one another.  I am a major pessimist and, while I try not to be, I almost always tend to think the worst eventuality will happen at any given moment.  So, here we are.  I am supposed to start online classes for my master's degree on Monday and I actually have to ship my computer off for repairs because it is seriously messed up and the warranty ends in 10 days.  :( Sigh, it's not so much the inconvenience of going to the library, etc.  It is just that I feel like anytime I take a step forward, I get kicked two steps back.  

A hot pizza on a Saturday night would pick up my spirits a bit and my husband would also definitely enjoy it.  He works as a cook and is always exhausted once he comes homes.  The last thing he wants to do is cook dinner and I am a BIT of a kitchen nightmare. 

Thanks guys!

Edit:  near Milwaukee, WI!  I tried to post yesterday but it never showed up in the thread. :( 
[REQUEST] MA Area no sad story but I am grounded with no cash, would love some pizza!
I got grounded a few days ago and my dad wont give me my allowance so sadly I can not buy myself some pizza. 
[Request] 18 yr old college student, broke, hungry, no one will help
Anyone please? California.
[REQUEST] Could use a pizza in Oregon. Plus tribes ascend one beta key. Not for a pizza just because.
So I'm hungry and kinda sad over the death of my grandmother and I couldn't go to the funeral due to her being in England and there is no way I could make it over their from the US. If you want the beta key just PM me. You owe me nothing for it as long as you enjoy it.
[Request] Columbia, SC. Haven't had a pizza in awhile and have only .88 in the bank account
Student, had a test today and couldn't get to the plasma donation center in time so I could eat today.  A pizza would really hit the spot and tide me over until I can get some cash in the next few days and pay it forward.  Thanks for any considerations or help.
[Request] Hungry Family of 9 in NC (Triad area)
Apparently there has been a huge delay on food stamps in the state of NC due to some software changes. And we have been delayed for about a month. We just got hit with it.  Large Family 2 adults 4 teens 3 little ones. We are in the process of contacting local churches and food pantries etc. Let me know. Papa Johns is the only things that delivers to our house (out in the boonies).
[Request] Just moved in, and would love a pizza on this Sunday before work starts up!
I just moved into a new apartment, and I'm really strapped for cash until the end of this week, when my new job starts up. Not only that, but school will be starting in 2 weeks, and I'm sure once that happens I won't get the chance to relax a whole lot either. I'll be sure to pay if forward once I get some money, as well, so I'm not being a total bum. Thanks!
[Request] Hubby doesn't believe anyone would actually send anyone a pizza. 
So, Reddit, want to prove him wrong?
(REQUEST) Tucson, AZ - Having a bummer year, hoping a pizza would help.
Hi pizza friends!  My stupid scooter broke down (Honda makes a great motorbike for people who like to walk!) and I lost my job.  My mechanic's ma is very ill and I'm being a good patient doobie while he takes care of business, but time, money, and food are running out.  Could one of you folks help me out out with a meal?  Many many thanks. :D
[Request] No sad story. I'm just really hungry and want some pizza.
Alright, that first part isn't entirely true. I did spend last night in the ER, but not for anything terrible. But I'm broke and really hungry and would greatly appreciate the help of a fellow redditor. 

In the Southwest Washington area.
[REQUEST] any bit of charity would be appreciated
We're not in the biggest of pickles, but let us plead or case.

&lt;in Pocatello, ID for work. Been here for about a week but haven't been paid yet.
&lt;ran out of money two days ago, and went through the rest of our raman.
&lt;dying for dinner.

Two 23year-old painters could really use a pizza. And I promise if this works I'll pay it back with a large as soon as I get back to Colorado.
[Request] Today is my 21st Birthday! (Hamilton, ON)
Hey Reddit! I turn 21 today and its a great feeling. However my family is gone for the rest of the day and won't see them until the late evening. Could one of you guys make my day! Thanks
[request] college student in philadelphia
hey ROAP, i'm pretty much out of money for the next two weeks and it would be amazing if someone bought me a pizza. I could care less where it's from as long as it makes me not hungry. Doesn't even have to be pizza for that matter, just any food really.
[Request] Broke teenager waiting on food stamps. I live in California
Hey. Im 19 and I live in California. Im inbetween jobs and waiting on my EBT card. I have no money at the moment. A pizza would really help fill an empty stomach
[Not_a_request] I wish I had heard of this subreddit back in July
Long story short, I basically ran out of money back in late June. I spent essentially the entire month of July eating things like empty taco shells for dinner, my roommate's scraps from the night before for breakfast, and some days simply eating nothing. Yes I know boo-hoo, just wanted to say I found this subreddit today and it's one of the best ones!

Again, I do NOT want a pizza, only giving props to an awesome sub. You guys are kewl.
Moved to a new city [request]
just moved to columbia, sc...I start my job on next Monday and am a little tight on cash to say the least with rent due this week. Would appreciate a random act of pizza (kindness) to help out one night. 23 years old and just starting out! Thank you for reading!
Pregnant woman that has been laid off..Not a request.
I just want to say that hearing about this site today warms my heart.  I was laid off from my job and still trying to find a new one.  I'm only 3 months pregnant but not having any money that could be quite a scare. I'd like to say by the grace of God today there is food in the fridge thanks to food stamps.  But there were definitely times where a pizza would have lifted my spirits, and the fact that there are people here doing just that for others, you are all amazing.  If I had the funds right now to make an offer I would be doing so as well.  But let's just hope I don't need to make any requests anytime soon.  I just wanted to tell you all that you are great people. 
[Request] Just moved into a new apartment in NY, and the fridge is empty until Saturday ;_;
I had to take the week off in order to move in, so I didn't bring home any tips which would normally get me through. If I could get a pizza to hold me over the next evening and lunch/dinner tomorrow, I could make it last until Saturday and have enough money to pay it forward on demand.

If anyone could help me out, I would be so incredibly grateful and if there is any way I could help you out even besides a random act of pizza, I'll do what I can to the best of my ability (provided it is completely reasonable; I'm sure I can take out an entire high rise of elite bodyguards guarding your kidnapped grandmother, but I don't really have the time for it in my schedule).
[Request] Columbus, Ohio - need help cheering my girlfriend up
I've just gotten back from holiday today (Greece) which was a clusterfuck of disasters - I was robbed, my iPhone stolen and my money, and have several stitches above my eye to boot. While I was away my girlfriend had her apartment broken into by a lone male and she woke up with him assaulting her luckily she screamed and he was frightened away by her housemate running in, but it could have been a LOT worse. 

she has some facial bruising and bruises to her hands, and from talking to her on the phone tonight she is pretty terrified. As a backstory, my girlfriend is from my town but is working 3500 miles away in columbus, ohio, until the end of next year, meaning I cant be there to make her feel better  &amp; thanks to my mishaps while abroad, I have no money to do anything about it and no way to talk to her other than landline calling (we've tried skype but it drops constantly - facetime is a dream come true for us but it will be around 20 days til my insurance coughs up for a replacement phone, so its going to be a nightmare until then!)

so basically I'd like some help in cheering up the poor girl. for obvious reasons giving her address out on the internet right now would be a big no-no, but i'm not sure if there is any other way to do it? if there isnt, then can someone from there give me some pointers on an online site i can order for her? i don't mind racking up some over limit fees if it comes to it &amp; last thing I want to do is come across as a scammer. (you can see I did post an askreddit about the incident yesterday, alas it didn't get a single reply! img-foreveralone).

if anyone can help, I'd really appreciate it. Thanks
[Request] Moved out with my little sister. hungry/poor
My little sister and I got an apartment together in Westminster, CA because all of our family moved to Idaho. Things are going great, except we don't have a refrigerator or any extra money for food. A pizza, or anything at this point, would really do the trick. We are asking for free food on the internet out of desperation. I wish I could give out pizza
[REQUEST] Atlanta GA Would love a pizza tonight!
I'm in Covington.  If anyone would give the gift of pizza, I'd be most most appreciative.  I'm a broke writer who only had ramen in his house.  Thanks!
[REQUEST] New to Reddit, Mom has no money, tired of Ramen
Hey guys, I'm in a tough situation and my mom has no money. She gets paid every second Wed. of the month and I've had Ramen Noodles and Mac N Cheese for the past week for Lunch and Dinner. It would be amazing if someone can help me out. I would be willing to barter with pics of my cat doing goofy stuff. 
[Request] Belgian student cut off by parents for enlisting at drama school, hasn't eaten in 24h, sick of and out of rice. 
I never thought it would come to this but I'm trying my luck.

I told my parents about 2 weeks ago that I enlisted for drama school next year instead of finding a job with my masters in communication science that I'm graduating end of this semester. 

They promptly threw me out of the house and told me I could go do street theater if I ever needed money. I would if it wasn't -2° out. 4 years ago they told me the same about communication, except they told me if I need money I could go write about lost cats in the local paper. 

Been out of money for 10 days now and my parents and sister are not picking up their phones, so they seem pretty serious about it. But I'm set on doing this. 

I'll be getting a paycheck in about a week but I'm out of rice and pasta. I'd be enormously grateful and would do anything for a pizza right now. 

[I see there's an international ordering guide in the sidebar.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/comments/ns3dj/the_definitive_guide_to_ordering_internationally/) I'd be more than willing to guide you through the process of ordering, which should be fine with a credit card. You'd be ordering from www.just-eat.be which has always been reliable and is always a safe bet for the student population here.

I'm counting on your random act of kindness to not let me go to bed hungry two nights in a row.

Thank you and my apologies for the tearjerking. My parents will turn around soon, so it'll be fine.
[Request] Pennsylvania. Way too hot inside to cook, and we cant afford to eat out.
My girlfriend and I are living in a trailer with my brother while we go to school. If any of you have lived in a trailer, you should know that a little bit of heat goes a long way, especially when there is no AC (which is our case). Turning on the stove or oven raises the temperature to the point where my greatest fear becomes spontaneous combustion. I'd be glad to pay it forward when I can!
[Request] I was known as Pizza Girl by the police at my university. I was once banned from a Domino's for several pizza-related incidents.  HELP ME SHOW DOMINO'S THAT PIZZA GIRL'S LEGACY WILL LIVE FOREVER!
My obsession with pizza actually scares people. This would be the greatest thing that's ever happened to me.  
[Request] I'll write a song for a pie. (Poughkeepsie, NY)
I'll write it about whatever you like. I'm a songwriter so you're getting a real, quality song. For the sake of time, I'll write it on an acoustic guitar and record a video. If you want better quality after that; I can record it for you.

I woke up dying for a pizza but it's one of those "broke 'til payday" weeks. It'll be much appreciated!
[REQUEST] California Broke College student: no blocks, no food will draw you as a superhero in return. 
I ate the last of my PB&amp;J sandwich fixings yesterday and my mom isn't able to buy me more meal blocks until Wednesday. I'll draw a kick ass picture of you as a superhero if you feed me :)

EDIT: wow, putting my e-mail out there was a major slip.
[REQUEST] Student in White Plains, New York. Pizza Pleasee? 
Very broke college student who's out of meals for the semester (living off pudding snack packs is awful!) I've been doing work for finals all weekend and would really, realllyyy appreciate some brain food :]]
[REQUEST] A very hungry aussie hoping for something to make a terrible week a little less awful.

[Request] Recently Unemployed Student, Could use a pie!
Paid rent to my roommate for the first, no paycheck until Friday! Could really use a Domino's gift card, there is a Domino's down the street from me...will pay it forward this coming Friday now that rent is taken care of!
[REQUEST] Kansas USA, Pregnancy Craving
My wife has a pregnancy craving for pizza...  and we don't have any money at the moment for one.  She just wants a plain cheese pizza.  If we do receive one we will make sure to pay it forward.  

Thank you all, you're probably saving my life.
[Request] Two college students, broke, best friends,a photographer and a film maker, haven't eaten all day. :( 
We're just some pretty hungry straight edge friends looking for some grub. Eating frozen burritos gets old quick. 

Thanks! 

A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Why the long penis?"
Request: Pizza for pizza eating family who are broke. 
Husband, wife and two small kids pizza eating family haven't had one in 4 months no extra cash. Would love one for supper tomorrow any one want to help. Pizza hut is closet to me in IL.

[Request] Broke and living in my car 
Hello there!
I just moved to a new city and unfortunately have not been able to find either a job or a place to live. My last bit of money was spent on gas this morning so I won't have anything to eat until the 10th of November when I finally receive my food stamps. A cheese pizza would be amazing right about now and much gladly appreciated ^_^! It's just myself and my little dog so at times things get discouraging when there's no one else around, this being one of those times.
[REQUEST] Finished...
no story straight to the point just had my last day of school and want to celebrate with pizza please! in the UK <U+2665>
[Request] Broke and haven't had any food in a while
Can definitely use the verification system, I live in ohio and can give you a pizza place number if you want or the places in the area. I don't have any gas to pick it up and won't till I get paid. Thank you for any help!
[Request] Still here, hungry and broke
I posted last night, but perhaps it was a bit too late in the evening? I have zero funds, no food to speak of, and I've been hungry for days now. I was in a car accident a week ago and life has been pretty crummy as of late. I know this is a long shot, but anyone feel like helping out?

[REQUEST] ARIZONA Hungry NaNoWriMo Participant in the Midst of Outlining My Sexual Memoirs...
Hope this isn't too edgy for this subreddit- don't want to offend anyone.

Hello awesome and generous Redditors of Randoms Acts of Pizza!  
You may have heard of (or are perhaps participating yourself!) [NaNoWriMo](http://www.nanowrimo.org/) 30 days of literary abandon!  I am currently attempting to log my sexual memoirs during this event as a writing experiment for myself.  I am home pounding away at the keys trying to catch up and reach my word count goals and recall details that have escaped me in moments of passion ; )

I'm home with the SO and we are both very hungry and equally broke doing the starving artist/starving writer thing.  Anyone who can relate to this situation and is in a position to help us out with dinner would be our hero!!  I would love to share the fruits of my labor from this evenings writing with whoever helps me out.  If you are intrigued to read it, I will send you a private work in progress vignette from my pizza nourished efforts!


[Request] Bangor, UK ~ 56p in Bank Account, Hungry and Ill. Would love some pizza, will pay forward.
This is the first time I've requested pizza on RaoP and I have seen that you guys don't love sob stories all the time so I'm going to keep it brief.

Girlfriend has given me chickenpox, I'm a student so have no money and I live in North Wales. And no I didn't have a problem with the flooding but I can't go home if I wanted to because the main route to home is still flooded.

I would love some pizza, and it would really brighten up my day.
A pizza request
Working hard is not paying off. Got ripped off on a car deal by my own brother. Family is Jehovah's witnesses so no thanksgiving foodz for me. Never had a birthday celebration. I'm 23 yo security guard that refuses to snitch people out for infractions. I smoke weed when I can afford it but I don't drink. I've sent dvds and and other oddball gifts to internet strangers in the past. Honestly, I don't know if this will work, but ill give it a shot because I'm really tired of ramen and peanut butter an jelly sammichs. Topeka, Kansas. Redditor for three years. This account is newer. Like the handle better. Maybe a little much to write. Fuck it. I say what I feel.
[Request] No lie I just want some pizza and have no money till Monday
With some bills and what not I can't go shopping till I get paid Monday and I got no food in the house. Just a broke 20 year old wanting some pizza.
[Request] London, UK. Lonely, depressed and broke. Want to eat my sadness away.
Edit: never mind - managed to find some spare change and buy a packet of dried spaghetti from the local corner shop.

Don't really have much to say apart from the above. It's 8:15pm in London and I literally haven't eaten anything all day. I have a jar of mustard in the fridge and that's it.

My flatmates are on holiday, and my friends and family are all far away. If anyone can gift me a pizza it'll make a huge difference. I'll have a couple of slices now and the rest should tide me over for tomorrow. I have some money from contract work hopefully (*fingers crossed*) coming in next week.

Thanks for reading, even if you don't send me a pizza. It feels good to share.

Edit: My brother gave me a Steam code for Bastion a couple of months ago. I haven't used it yet and I'll happily trade it for a pizza.
[REQUEST] Down on my luck in Ohio...
I'll keep this short and simple.        

The only food I have until Saturday or Sunday is eggs and some crackers. A pizza would feed me until Thursday or Friday, and I can deal with eggs and crackers until I can get some Ramen and other cheap food-stuffs this weekend.    

My money situation is about as crappy as it can possibly be, but I will buy someone a fat, loaded pizza as soon as I'm able, I promise. I love this subreddit and what it's all about.    
    
[Request] Please get 2 young friends an awesome goodbye dinner?
There are 2 families on my block that each have a young boy. The family to my front is leaving to return home tomorrow (self deportation after a traffic stop). I've had a blast the last 2 years watching these kids grow up and play together and feel like shit that they are likely never going to see each other again. They are 5 or 6 I'm guessing.

Will someone please get these kids a last meal to share? I know illegal immigration is a Huge issue in the US, but fuck man, we're talking about children, and the kid leaving has never been out of Florida, let alone been to Mexico.

Thanks.


Eta: In Florida and we have Pizza Hut, Dominos, and Papa John's in the area.
[request] Mankato, MN just got laid off could really use a pizza

[Request] I am really really hungry and my rent is due tomorrow so I can't afford to buy food.. (Australia)
Please, if anyone can spare like $10/$15 for one pizza it would be amazing. I don't know when I will be buying groceries next. Maybe Friday coming up. 
[Request] Barter time! I have a $25 Nike gift card you can use online - what I NEED is some pizza today! Let's make a trade! (also posted on /r/randomactsofpizza)
Hey Redditors!

I will give you the code for a new $25 Nike gift card in exchange for just $20 of pizza! I am super hungry for pizza but all I have is this damn Nike gift card. Help me eat and I'll help you buy stuff!

Thanks everyone
[Request]More than just pizza
Hi guys, If you are like me then pizza is more to you then just a good food, it reminds you of a time when life was different, when you would hang out with all your friends when that new n64 game or playstation game came out and stay up all night playing it(conquersmplayer) . Before a time when you had to deal with constant rejection from employers, money problems, rent and bills. If there was ever a time in my life when a pizza would mean alot, that time is now. Also me and my roommate have been eating white rice exclusively for the past two months. Well thats how i see it sorry for long post just wanted to say how i feel, thanks guys!
[Request] A hungry couple left with an empty fridge.
There's a shitty story behind this but the boyfriend and myself are hungry. Payday is Friday so I'd love to return the favor but for now our tummies are grumbly and we'd love a pizza!
[Request] Been eating lots of PB&amp;Js..a pizza would really brighten my night. 
Hey gents and ladies,

I am a very poor college student that has to work to pay for school, rent, and food because the rents refuse to help. Because I came down with the flu for a week and a half, I couldn't go in to work (its policy) and thus only have money for rent. I've been subsisting just about entirely on PB&amp;J sammiches. I just finished biking home from work, and would really appreciate a nice warm pizza tonight.
 
Ps-I am using a throwaway because my main is linked to several close friends that are also redditors, and I don't want them to know of my financial situation. 
You guys are fantastic, and if anyone does respond, please know that you will make a poor UF girl really happy! &lt;3 :D

**Edit: it appears my title lost my location. I'm in Florida. :)
[Request]  Struggling family of 4 Needs Help in NJ
Hello,

I am a father and husband that has been looking for employment after being laid off for some time now.  There has not been much success and my wife has been carrying all the weight.  It has definitely been a struggle to see her work so hard without being able to help. 

We have literally ran out of food today and must wait for her pay day to come on Thursday.  She remains positive that we will be okay even when I feel we are about to crumble. 

Looking for help to say thank you to her with a pizza for dinner. 

Please help.  

Thank you so much!
[Request]! Would like to surprise my roommate! She helped me pass my finals!!
Just finished up my summer finals! I took very difficult classes but I passed thanks to my lovely roommate. She helped me these past 6 weeks but know I want to thank her!! I don't have expendable money since I am a student so I am asking if someone could help me show her that I am thankful! I will try to return the favor as soon as I get a job!
[request] May I have a pizza please?
So my mom is without electricity for a week so my sister and her friend along with my mom are staying over here so they don't have to deal with this heat. My mom just started her new job and I got fired at mine a week ago :'( (have applied everywhere and am pretty much now harassing places hoping to get hired) I am currently without money and my mom doesn't have enough to buy dinner so I am coming to reddit for some help. I am in an area where there isn't much selection and I don't think the closest place (which is pizza hut) delivers out here but I do have gas to pick it up. Thanks.

[request] Hungry in the Air Force! Pay day isn't until tomorrow morning! Eglin AFB, FL. Will pay it forward.
Eglin AFB, Fl.

My husband and I live on a military base. We don't get paid until in the am of tomorrow and we are down to no food and 47 cents in our checking. We are so broke because of me. I have illnesses that require medication that our insurance doesn't cover, as they only cover generic. This man has given everything to me and wants to take care of me. I wish I could do the same for him. So please, we need our faith in strangers restored. We will do the same. Please.

[Request] Pantry, fridge, and freezer are empty until next week. Could anyone help out my small family with a pizza? VA,USA
I'm somewhat nervous about posting, and hopefully I'll get a reply. My Mom basically got gyped on her already insufficient paycheck. Our fridge is almost totally empty, as our pantry and freezer. We've already borrowed money from my aunt so we could make tacos.. just going through a really rough time. Could someone honor us with a RAOP?
[Request] Spent the last of my money on cleaning supplies
Hey, just moved into a new place that needed a lot of TLC, would greatly appreciate something to eat as I dont get paid until Thursday.
What money I did have went into some cleaning supplies to help make this place livable.

Ohio here, Vermilion to be exact.
[Request] Autopay took all of my money! WV
I don't know what's going on, but I came home today and there's no check in my bank account. I was suppose to get paid on Friday, but of course it was a holiday. I expected it to go in today, but it didn't. And payroll is closed today, so I won't know till Monday. Netflix took the last $16 out of my bank account yesterday, so I'm negative 10 cents now. I'm pretty sure my money will go in Monday, but until then I'm out of food. Is there anyway somebody can send a pizza, some wings, or anything just to tide me over until Monday? I don't have any kids or anything like that it's just me, but I only go grocery shopping every 2 weeks. So not being able to go yesterday left me with very little to work with. I would greatly appreciate any help anyone could provide. Thank you for reading.

Rodger 
[REQUEST] Ottawa Canada poor unemployed  hungry lib arts student would love a pizza today
I'm a liberal arts student with zero dollars to my name and getting desperate. I'd be gracious and thankful for a pizza today

[Request]Oregon, going out of town for the weekend with no money to spare. Would like to get a pizza to have with my gf before she has to spend the weekend alone.
I will answer any questions you have.
[Request] direct deposit hasn't cleared, and I've had peanut butter today. Anyone want to help out?
I was expecting to see a dramatic increase in my checking account at midnightno joy. Anyone want to be a kind soul and loan a recent college grad a pizza?
[REQUEST] Pizza in London - just hungry at work
Hi, no sob story for ya... thought i would ask for fun!
i'm stuck at work until 1am - had my coffee and thought a pizza would be nice.
{Request} Looking for someone to help fill my belly
I'm a full time college student at the University of South Carolina. I've got lots of homework tonight and would love to get hooked up with a pie! 
[Request] Hungry. Playing Super Mario World!
Me and a friend have spent the entire night sitting in my dorm room playing Super Mario World. We're on Chocolate Island right now, but just realized that we missed dinner. And, of course, we're both broke. But we really want to 100% this game tonight, so any nourishment would be very nice, and I would love you forever! I'd be happy to take a picture when we beat the game tonight :)

Proof: http://i.imgur.com/AYUph.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/MuEXZ.jpg
[Request] Gas got shut off and I am out of work in Chicago. I really need a pizza(and job)
My gas got shut off, I owe a grand to the electric company, I haven't paid my student loan bill in full in months and I have been out of work too long now, even though I have been applying to dozens of jobs a day and am signed up with temping agencies, have a bachelors... I can only afford to eat about once a day now as it is and I can't stop thinking about pizza, which would be a dream at this point. 

I am doing everything I can to try to make ends meet, I work for family, friends, temp, hang IT technician fliers around town, but since I lost my job every other opportunity has seemed to dry up in Chicago. I have an interview tomorrow for a paying internship and I would love to be able to walk in there on a full stomach.

Being Chicago, there are hundreds of pizza places and I am not a picky guy but if you were going to buy me a pizza please don't pizza troll me with anchovies :P I like meat and veggies and would be so grateful if someone could help me take my mind of all the shit that's going on in my life right now with a hot dinner.

edited a typo.
[Request] I'd like to get a pizza dinner for myself, Dad, step-mom this evening, but I don't get $ till Wednesday. (Sacramento, CA)
A friend told me that this subreddit exists. That alone has made my evening. I don't really know how this works, but I figured it cannot hurt to post a request.

I don't have much to offer in return, aside from my gratitude and the promise that when I have cash on hand I'll pay it forward. I just recently moved back in with my Dad and step-mom after life took a bit of a turn, and being able to show up with dinner would be great for both them and me.
[request] Australian here, just feel like pizza but broke-ass uni student
Would love a RAOP to cheer me up this rainy day
(request)Lubbock, Tx.  Paul McCartney's Birthday &amp; rumored Stones are (finally) calling it quits... (sob)
Paul is 70, Stones are (rumored) to stop touring in 2013.  I'll post pics with pizza and b-day candles &amp; will give KB the crust.... I'll even go out to Buddy Holly's grave and take a pic with the box!  KB LOVES the crust.  Help a OLD hippeh chick celebrate.  KB is the rottweiler and she NEVER gets crust anymore....  No check until friday and the s.o.b. that promised me he would call about the job, DID'NT.  New here, REDDIT-ly challenged.  WILL pay it forward! 
[Request] In a hotel in Rehoboth Beach, DE with no transportation.
My boss who I came here with has gone to visit friends and I have no transportation except walking. Was hoping RAoP could help a brother out with a pizza for one. I would of course tip the driver. (with my money not yours lol)
[request] Massachusetts USA - college kids in need of pizza
My roomie and I are starving, a pizza would help boost morals around finals time!
[REQUEST] I live with hoarders, and as of late my kitchen has become infested and unbearable.
Pretty much the title. The family in my household are much older, and also hoarders, and recently my kitchen has become very disgusting due to a fuit fly infestation. Aside from physiologically messing me up, it kind of also makes eating or preparing anything in the kitchen unbearable with a hundred little disgusting flys buzzing around. They have always been hoarders, but the past couple years the living standard has gone down pretty bad in this place..

 I plan to spend tomorrow really getting in there and doing some damage(cleaning wise), they even managed to get into and breed in the microwave. 

Needless to say, I have been eating out a lot more than usual(McDonalds dollar menu is a godsend) and it's killing my bank, which approximately now has 1 dollar and something cents, or else i'd order myself pizza.

So I  have my verification code and would be tremendously grateful for this act not to mention making sure to return the favor when I have more cash at hand(poor college student, ofcourse) to another unlucky individual. 

Thanks for your time.
[Request, Canada] Moncton, NB Pizza Pay It Forward
Looking for some pizza tonight, will send out two pizza's to lovely redditors come my paycheck Friday. Had to use my last paycheck to pay off rent, getting sick of potatoes and butter.
[Request] Ashamed of myself and desperate for a handout. Carol City, Florida.
I got no one to blame for my situation but myself. I've been unemployed for a couple of weeks now after quitting my job at the mall over some really petty garbage. I was an idiot for doing it and now I've put myself in a place where I'm sinking fast. I've got no money, bills are okay but that wont last long, and I've got almost nothing in the way of food. My family doesn't speak to me anymore because I came out two years ago, so I can't fall back on them. I don't even know where my brother moved to last year, he didn't tell me before he left. 

I go to to school full time at BCC and without income the gas money getting to the campus in downtown Ft Lauderdale three days a week is killing me. I have interviews lined up but there's no telling how long it will be before I get another check. I'm really ashamed of myself for thinking I could just quit and find a new job overnight. I haven't told any of my friends yet but I'm going to have to if nothing changes for me. The sooner the better I know, but I'm just terrified of telling them how badly I'm doing right now. 

I'm asking for a handout in a big way because I've got nothing going for me right now. Even my grades aren't that great this semester. Can anyone on here help me this one time?
[REQUEST] Kentucky  WANTING A PIE!!!!
Hi to all I am on here asking if someone with help a lady out .I am wanting a pizza but have no cash till next week .I am craving a cheese pizza .can anyone help me out please thanks.I will return the favor if I get one to a redditor next week so everyone be looking for me i get paid on tuesday.thanks
[Request] Hungry and poor. Just need a little help, please.
Hi guys, if you've clicked in this post and you're reading this, then thank you for at least considering my plight.

I'm just looking for a morsel to eat is all. I didn't eat all day today (United Kingdom, Tuesday), and I won't eat all day tomorrow (Wednesday) until I get my housing benefit on Thursday, which is meant to pay my rent but doesn't even cover that and I will now have to do food shopping with.

I have 7 pence in my bank account currently I believe. I would really, *really* appreciate it if some one could make it so I didn't have to go two days plain hungry.

Thanks for your reading, and thanks for your time and consideration. I only ever wanted to get by. Let me know if you're interested in helping. 

Thanks.
[Request]San Antonio, TX Lost my job a week ago could use a pick me up.
After working my dead end job for two years I finally got separated because my boss did not want to work with me so I could go back to college. Much appreciated.
[request] no sob story just getting to spend time with my 3yo son. We both love pizza. Naples Florida USA 
Don't get to spend as much time with him as I'd like to. We both love pizza! Help us out plleeeaaassseee!
[Request] Broke veteran student
I got out of the Marine Corps several months ago. I am from Texas, and for the past few months I've been preparing to start college in Florida. The original plan was I would drive here to Florida, take a test, then return home and do my coursework online for the first 90 days, which would give me time to pull the funds together for the move to Florida. Unfortunately, they failed to inform me that the online option only applies to students who do exceptionally well on that test, which I did not. Just for the first trip, I had to sell something that was very important to me. Then I took the test and they told me I either had to give up my dream of becoming a student at their university, or move to Florida immediately. I returned to Texas and did everything I could think of to raise money for the early move, and in a final act of desperation, I sold even more of my belongings. Now I am in Florida, with 2 boxes of clothes, sleeping on a fellow classmate's (who also has no money) couch, with $2.00 in my wallet, wondering what I will do for food for the next 30 days, which is when my Veteran's Benefits kick in and I will finally be able to afford to eat. I would LOVE it and greatly appreciate it if some kind soul would buy me a pizza to enjoy tonight.
[Request] No power, Hungry!
Our power is out, my other 3 roommates have family in the area to stay with except for me.  I have no way to cook and can't afford to go to a restaurant until I get paid. please help if you can! 
[Request] Want to surprise my family with some actual food today.
My family has been strapped for cash for a few weeks now and have been kind of scraping for our necessities. Today we don't have enough money for any food today and what we have been eating isn't exactly top tier. Could probably go today but would really appreciate some pizza.
[Request] New Jersey, USA. Two poor college kids that could use a bite to eat...
Hey fellow pizza-lovers. 

It is coming to the end of the semester and I am about at my breaking point. Me and my roommate are bio majors (senior year) and we are currently taking microbiology. FUCKING. HELL. I don't want to go on too much of a rant here, but essentially, our professor is not a very nice person. When hurricane Sandy came rolling through, given that we had missed at least a week and a half of school, most professors took this into consideration and removed certain assignments that were due considering time constraints. NOT THIS BITCH. In fact, she added onto the syllabus. In the end, we had a little more than 400 pts due in the last week of class in an 800pt course. I have never been so stressed in my entire college career and I think my roommate is about to lose it. 

Our freezer is empty. We run to the caf when we can (considering its not closed because our school sucks sometimes), but it has been the same food since the beginning of the semester, and quite frankly, makes me piss out of my asshole. With our final in the class coming up this Tuesday, it would really be an unbelievably generous treat to have some pizza to help us study for this test.

tl;dr Poor, frustrated bio majors looking for some brain food.
[Request] My hours got cut unexpectedly and all of my food money is now rent money (Santa Cruz, Ca).
The kids I watch got signed up for summer camp last minute, so all of my working hours are gone. I'm waiting at home now for a few phone calls about jobs, but it's not looking great for being able to eat much more than rice and beans or pasta until the 15th, so a pizza sounds super fantastic, especially after seeing [this](http://redd.it/1fc8e4). It's my first post here, sorry if anything is amiss, thanks for reading! 

[Request] Having kind of a bad day, pizza would really help - Phoenix, AZ
I'm kind of having a terrible day. Basically, last night I went out, got drunk, and drunk texted an ex-boyfriend that I had just recently become friends with. He told my best friend, who basically told me that he was uncomfortable and I need to leave him alone. Obvious pro-tip: don't keep your phone nearby if you're drunk. 

Anyway, I'm an idiot and I feel like crap and I'm a little low on cash because I have to move apartments in the middle of next month, so I have to put down rent on both places. It means a lot of nights playing Fable and eating fruit cocktail. A pizza would really help me get through the day. I've given before - and I hate asking - but I would be so, so grateful if I could get one. 
[REQUEST] Willing to trade a $25 iTunes Card for a RAOP...




Broke and hungry...its that simple, no catch.  Believe it or not, I do not have an iTunes account but I have this iTunes gift card that I got for Christmas and will never use.  I will inbox you the card info for your verification and a pizza!  Thanks kindly in advance.

pics of gc here: http://imgur.com/a/bIDXW
[Request] Nothing for a meal in the house.
I have a friend over, and we don't have much for dinner. Thought I could give this a shot.
request- so sick of ramen, and out of ramen. fuckin ramen
so my stash of ramen ran out. i was so poor all i could afford was ramen but now im so poor i cant even afford any more. so to sum it all up im out of ramen. can i have a pizza? here's why.

1. all i could afford prior to running out of ramen is ramen
2. im out of ramen
3. cant afford anymore ramen

do you guys see that im poor cause all ive been eating is ramen? okay pizza time now. ramen

*willing to show proof of the no ramen in my cabinets. im all out of ramen and it was all i could afford before but now i cant even afford any
[Request]Vancouver, BC, Canada Father of 5, wife just got out of surgery, we were suddenly cut off from employment insurance.
The government screwed up and now we have to wait over a month for them to refile and reestablish my claim.  There is no way to expedite this at all, in spite of the fact that it is their mistake.  We have 2 girls (9 and 7) and 3 boys (5,3, 2months).

My wife had to be taken by ambulance to the hospital last week for emergency gall bladder removal surgery and we are feeling a bit beat on at the moment.  This would be a humungous pick-us-up.

I am happy to provide any verification you need.  Thanks in advance.

*
[Request] Redditor friend told me you guys might be able to gimme a hand. 
A friend of mine told me about this subreddit.  Maybe you guys could help me out.

I get by paycheck to paycheck, but I do alright for myself.  I, however, don't get paid until Thursday and I am not too proud to say I could use a pizza to munch on for the next couple of days until I can get to the store.

I have about $10 in my account, so I can get some food, but I also need gas and it's hard realizing that the gas is actually more important than food right now.

I'm in Alabama, if that helps at all.

[Request] Random Girl in Chicago Would Love a Random Act of Pizza and to Pay it Forward
I'm in the Hyde Park area and would love some pizza, and would especially love seeing some more "random" acts dished out!  If pizza'ed, I promise, in the nature of being similarly random and kind, of gifting a a pizza tomorrow evening to another random requesting individual who intends to pay it forward the next day.  Want to join me in breathing more random life into this sub?  Let's make some human connections that don't end with the next person.

Additionally, if this works, I think we could generate a lot more interest, and a lot more giving, by earmarking a pay-it-forward trend as [PIF] included in the title.  More activity in general means more pizza for everyone, including [PIF]s and those who could really just use a pizza and are unsure if they can return the gift in the near future.  Here's to the random and flourishing future of RAoP!
[Request] Came home from work tired and discovered this sub. I'll give it a shot(Manhattan, New York)
Hope I get a response!
[Request] Boyfriend &amp; I both recently unemployed, just paid rent and we're poor until further notice. (USA)
Would appreciate some pizza, but it's late here so preferably a Casey's online giftcard so we can get it now. Thanks in advance, I know it's not a great story but we're pretty hungry at this point.


EDIT: Link to the $10 giftcard, my bad:
http://store.caseys.com/product.php?productid=3&amp;cat=0&amp;page=1
[Request] Minnesota security guard working Christmas Eve and Christmas day til late
I work as a security guard at a corporate building with 24/7 security. I work today, 2 to 10 pm central time, in an empty building and tomorrow in an empty building. I am living pay check to pay check so a pizza thrown in as a replacement my PB&amp;J sandwiches would be very appreciated! 
[REQUEST USA] Broke college kid, just trying to survive.
Hey ROAP, I've been lurking here for quite a while and finally have decided to ask for some help. I am currently about 40 dollars in the hole in my bank account (miscalculation of bills) and hardly any food in the house. I could sure use a fresh hot pizza tonight! I can pay it ~~back~~ forward when I get paid. Would make going to work tomorrow so much easier. Reddit is the best!

I can PM details and proof if you want. Thanks RAOP!
[REQUEST] My Saturday Night: Hurricane Irene is still keeping me in my house...my power keeps going on and off..oh and did I mention I'm sick? Please help a poor grad student out!
My power was out for about 3 hours earlier this afternoon. I keep trying to watch DVD's (Twister...I mean when in Rome, right?) but as soon as I get halfway in the power either flickers on and off or stays off for an extended period of time. I don't feel up to going out for food either since I've been sick for about 3 days now and Hurricane Irene is being a bitch...

Thank you all!
[Request] RAoP, Its my real birthday and I'm stuck home with a sick kid. Some Pizza would really be awesome!

[Request] Help me get a free pizza for myself
So I have 23 papa points on my papajohns.com account. If someone who plans to give a pizza today would be so kind as to spend $10 on my papa john's online account, I could get a free pizza care of papajohns.com. It's like a 2for1 gift!
[Request] Northern Utah. Both of my parent's aren't home, nothing to eat at my house.
I'm not really going to sugar coat it, I'm just having a large craving for pizza, but sadly, there's no one at my house to get any, and there's not much to eat that sounds good. I will pay it forward if someone helps!
[Request] For my brother and I (south FL)
  For the past months since I've been home from college my family's living situation has gone from bad to terrible.  My mom has been in and out work for even longer, and its been difficult to keep food in the home. Along with my Dad skipping out of child support payments and bills looming it hasn't been easy.  

 Me and my brother have been basically eating fried rice and beans for the last few weeks and could really use a decent meal like a hot fresh pizza.


[Request] Parents went out of town for the weekend and forgot to leave me money for food
Parents went out of town for Memorial Day weekend and since they didn't buy groceries they were going to leave money so I could just buy some food, but they forgot to do that too.
[Request] Im Pregnant!
I just found out im pregnant and I was wondering if anyone would be willing to buy me a pizza for me and my future son (or daughter :P) in celebration. The dad is gone and wont be coming back (just a bastard, hes not dead) so I need the money I have to plan for my new family.

Thank you!
[Request] I spent 3 hours trying to make beercan chicken and ruined it
I got a new smoker a few weeks ago, and decided I wanted to make beercan chicken for the first time.  I had never used a smoker before, but I had smoked food in normal grills.  Anyway, Walmart only had mesquite and hickory wood chips, which turns out are both terrible.  I couldn't get the smoker to the proper temp, and the smoke "flavor" is one of the worst things I have ever tasted.  Needless to say I wont ever be doing that again.  If you could help out by sending a pizza so I don't have to go to bed on an empty stomach, I would really appreciate it!
[Request] Having a really rough week. No money, and I've gotta go to court tomorrow. Ate my last pack of ramen last night. Please help.
Haven't made the best choices lately and I'm broke. I'm supposed to start working next week but until then I'm struggling. All I have are some stale chips and a pack of gummi bears. If anyone could help I'd be so appreciative.

[Request] Haven't eaten much in the past two weeks and could really use a legitimate meal.
It's been pretty hard this past month food wise, and for the past two weeks I've eaten maybe one meal a day, and the term meal is loosely used. It'd be really nice if someone could bring in the new year on a positive note for me. I'm open for paying back however you choose, or not at all, it's entirely up to your discretion. 
[Request]Struggling

I currently don't have a vehicle and it doesn't look very good in the near future. I hitch rides to and from work while trying to save money. I'm saving everywhere that I can. If I get a free pizza, that will provide a couple of meals for us, saving more money for a car.
[Request]For pizza from phoenix AZ
broke for another week was wondering if anyone could help me out with a pizza I'm in Phoenix AZ
{REQUEST} Broke til Thursday :-(
We don't get paid until Thursday so can't hit the grocery store until then, but the kids and I sure would love some pizza tonight. Anyone want to make our night?
[REQUEST] Humbly requesting a pizza. Details included.
Fufilled. Thanks for reading.

Hi there. I'm a 22 year old male who has recently moved. Since moving, I've lost a friend, been mugged at gunpoint, had to replace an alternator, and now I have to replace the struts my car. In fact, it should have been finished a week ago but due to some reasons I'm unaware of it seems that the mechanic I hired has cancelled on me three times and wont even answer the phone at this point. He even has the parts that I paid for sitting on his property. I simply don't have the know how to do so, or I'd do it myself.

As far as losing a friend goes, someone had a change in plans regarding my living situation. I was to stay with her for a few weeks while I found another place. She told me to find a new place pretty much immediately and that I was acting like a child, ect. I wasn't even there half of the time, so I honestly do not know why she went so crazy. It kind of hurt to see her suddenly change like that, since we were friends for so long.

In any case, it's getting pretty rough here lately. I can't leave this end of town for any reason due to my car problems so grocery runs are limited, too. I'm lucky enough to work really close to where I live, so there is limited strain on the car in its [current state](http://i.imgur.com/Z5sdP.jpg). (The strut has recently fallen completely off.) I simply request a pizza. Thanks for reading. I appreciate anything you can offer.
[Request] Would anyone care to help out some poor college kids?
My roommates and I are pretty strapped for cash, we are all completely broke and behind on some of our bills. I haven't had money for food in a while, subsisting off of whatever I can steal from my campus eatery (hey, I'm paying for it anyways, right?) so I figured I would ask reddit for assistance on the off chance that someone could help. I would love to surprise my roommates with some hot pizza goodness.  
[Request] I'd love a pizza right now (UK)
I feel kinda bad for asking on here but what the heck, I really fancy a pizza right now and it'd be great if somebody wouldn't mind getting me one :) I'd be more than happy to repay the favour once I have the funds to do so :L No sob story, just a regular request :)
[Request] Really fucking hungry.
Anyone?

Will not return favor
 [Request] Portland, OR. Funds are tight from being on medical leave, would love a pizza pick-me-up.
I just finished my first week of treatment in an intensive out-patient program for depression. Due to medical bills and being on leave from work, money is a little tight right now. I'd love a pizza to celebrate being on the road to recovery and finally seeking out the help I've needed.
[Request] New Jersey, USA Friend from Florida is going to be in town today, probably not going to see him for another year after today. Would love to have some pizza to commemorate the moment.

[Request] It's my 18th birthday and nobody (not even my family) showed up
**edit:** nevermind.
[Request] broke college student who just became a lot more broke
Basically, a year ago I bought a computer using a credit card offered with a 0% introductory APR for a year. Buried in the fine print was a line explaining that I would be charged 22.9% interest on my initial purchase if I didn't pay in full after 12 months. I didn't realize that bit until yesterday, the one-year anniversary of my purchase (I posted a whole thread about the episode elsewhere). The result - a surprise $500 charge to my card.

And of course all of this happened when my payment plan failed as a result of my financial aid being literally obliterated this year. The state decided to take my grant offers away.

So that was just really rough. I feel awful and scared and screwed and I have no idea how I'm going to to get out of this debt any time soon. Doesn't help that I was planning to go to grad school next year. No idea how that will work out now.

So I'd like some pizza to dull the pain. It would literally mean an absolute ton to me right now. Thank you for reading this.


Edit: I'm in Chico, CA.
[REQUEST][US] My roomates went out and ate without me, we have absolutely no food left at the house.
Please help me get back at them and also get something to eat.
[Request] Ontario, CA, USA, would love a pizza
I'm hungry and I don't have anything to eat other than potatoes, would love a pizza. Thanks in advance.
[REQUEST] Ontario, Canada. Me and my buddy would be down for some pizza, any size or any offer would be great!
Hey my buddy and I are in between pay days and we would love some pizza, a medium should be fine for the two of us. Thanks in advance and god bless.
[Request] Unemployed and Sick of Rice (Suffolk County, NY)
I've been unemployed going on three months now, and unfortunately my student girlfriend's part time job at the pharmacy doesn't leave much left over for anything but rice. Here's hoping for a hot pizza.
[REQUEST] £5 Not enough :|
Well here's the tedious lifestory this morning both my parents left for work, and towards the afternoon i felt famished so i went to get some and i saw i only had £5 i though it'd be enough for atleast a burger or something so i tried ordering one but they said it has to be over £10 for delivery, and i can't go out as mum took my key :|
can anyone feed me with pizza in return i give you ESET NOD32 Anivirus 5 key :D

TL;DR: £5 Not enough, buy me pizza get ESET NOD32 Key
[Request] Home alone on Easter. A pizza would just brighten my day.
Everyone I live with is either hours away or visiting family and i'm sitting here doing nothing. 

[Request] new to Albany and too broke for Pizza.
I've recently moved to Albany, NY and the rent/deposit drained my account. Been surviving on ramen noodles and potatos while job searching and would love something different for dinner tonight. Cheese, Pepperoni, it doesn't matter which.
(request) stonner artist will send you art for pizza. 
Hello.
i'm an artist out of washington state. i make art on postal stickers, screenprints, paper (hand-drawn), and digital photoshopery. 

I'm willing to exchange pizza for art. 

20bux worth of dominos pizza gets you:
8 postal stickers
1 screen print or 1 logo(this one may come later)
4 hand drawn pieces (i use crayon and sharpie like a champ).

more than 20 bux in pizza=more art

whether you like the art or not is not up for me. if you like to sample my damn fine works, you may find them at drobotart.com

thanks cool people.
[Request] Septic tank backed up, cooking is the last thing I want to do. Northeast Ohio area.
Speaking of do, we have poopwater in our tub. I have been cleaning out the tub for 3 hours.  Yup.
[Request] Marine Poolee looking for some Food - Western Mass
I am currently enlisted in the Marines and waiting to go to boot camp soon.  I have no job and very little money (about $25 in my bank account).  I am just looking for something to eat today and I figured I would try for a pizza.  

I plan on paying this forward once I'm making money.
[Request] Post-surgery pie craving, help a girl out? (Arizona, US)
Just got hip replacement revision surgery, got home from the hospital today.  Boyfriend is at work and I can't stand up long enough yet to make anything half-decent.  I'd pay for it myself, but my last paycheck went towards hospital fees (those leeches really drain you) Unfortunately I can't take these delicious pork chops I'm cooking in Minecraft out of the screen, so I'd appreciate if anyone would help me out with dinner tonight.  A medium will last me like at least 3 days.  I have a picture of the gnarly incision they gave me if you want the proof, since I am new to Reddit.  And I did the verification thing.
(REQUEST) not home 4 the holidays &amp; would really like some pizza for my family!!!
It took a lot of courage to make this post, and it's very had for me being a husband and Dad to ask this, but my kids would enjoy it.
This will be my first ever Christmas away from my family in 17 years of being married.
I took a job out of town because the economy is so bad where we live. I send home what I can for family. I rent a room so what I send my family is enough to pay the bills. It leaves no room for luxuries like pizza. my family would love a special treat and I would so appreciate it if someone can provide them with a pizza. I am in Atlanta, GA. They are in Southern FL. 

EDIT: I am actually in Kennesaw, GA. which is a suburb of Atlanta. and My family is in Homestead, FL. 
[Request] KY Louisville, would love some pizza for a movie marathon

[Request]
Friends, countrymen, Redditors!  Lend me your ears!

NW Arkansas 
A group of 3 people who don't have enough money to get food would like a pizza.  Verification ready.  Also, you will get a cameo in my first All Flesh Must Be Eaten role playing game.

Love, 
Glistening Dragon 
[Request] UK University Student who hasn't eaten for 5 days, still waiting on Student Finance...
It's been a while actually, I almost have gotten over food until I found a packet of Walkers crisps the other day, not my flavour but I wasn't complaining at all. It only made it worse frankly and I wish I had rationed them. No more money left right now.

Student Finance have been fucking me around and so far the only substance that is going into me is water and tea (with sugar and milk)

I would happily repay this favor to the kind individual in the coming future when I have received my Student Finance loan.

Right now I'm running out of options in terms of food.
[Request](Trade)My PayPal money for a PJ egift card
Hey, I have money in my paypal and am quite hungry, and have no way to manage this by my self, atleast any time soon. Im hoping someone is willing to trade a 25$ egift card for 25$ thru paypal. Also I live in Alaska (forgot to put it in title)
(Request) Fallen on difficult times due to work problems, have no money until tomorrow! Anyone able to help an Ontario girl and the favour will be returned? :)
Due to problems with work not paying me correctly or on time, I've fallen in a situation where all of my funds had to go towards my rent. I get a paycheque tomorrow but have zero funds until then, and not gonna lie I'm a little hungry! Heard about this subreddit and thought I'd give asking for internet help a try, and would love to return the favour this week as well! 
[Request] Threw out back in a workout, wife took the car for the day. Home with kitty ignoring me and asleep in a strange spot. I think some pizza might change his mind.
Normally, I would cook, but it's a bit difficult to stand up right now and there's only eggs left. 

I'm in the Northern NJ area. 

[Obligatory picture of cat](http://i.imgur.com/aowimKb.png)

Thanks!
{request}please guys uncle just died 
my uncle and best friend just died in the past week all of my money is going to medical bills helppppppp pleasssssseeeeeeee  
[request] college student seeking pepperoni pizza. GEORGIA, USA.

(Request) Dublin, Ireland. Watching cartoons while eating pizza...would make me soooo happy !
So... this is finals week, and I figured a responsible way of bracing myself for exams would be......catching up on Futurama/Adventure Time/Fullmetal Alchemist episodes while EATING PIZZA !! Isn't it an awesome idea ? 
Also my battleplan involves a blanket and tea, and extreme denial of the imminence of exams ;) 

The only erm, slight problem I encountered in my GENIUS project. Is that I'm kinda broke, and fishfingers and cereals only last you so long before you are too broke to have pizza but too proud/ashamed to beg your family to send you enough to last the month :/ Anyone ever experienced this ?

So if anyone feels like sending a bit of cheesy food to Dublin, Ireland, it would really brighten up the whole *week* :D of a broke but happy female Economics and Politics college student. (not sure if there's a rule to specify stuff about myself to prove I'm real but, yeah, here ou go haha)

If infos are needed or something to prove I'm real PM me please, also I'm not sure how to give my adress or...(?) (sorry about the awkwardness, it's my first time creating a topic instead of just commenting. Stomach made me do it)

PS: Sorry for any second-language slips or grammatical atrocities. English isn't my native language. (France yaaay) 


[Request] Got laid off with only a 1.50$ in my name. South Florida :[
yeah, I'm having some bad luck. Kind of hoping for a miracle here. Bare minimum cheese if you're willing. thanks a million.
[Request] Broke up with my SO of 2 years for destroying my trust. Could use a pizza to cry into.
Pizza is my feel better food, but I'm low on cash right now. Last night I broke up with my live-in boyfriend of 2 years because I found out that he had been interacting with his ex in a way that was less than desirable. I don't really feel like going in to the details because I'm still processing everything. This is the worst I've ever felt in my life and I just want to curl up with a pizza and have a good cry.
[REQUEST] Have no money until payday tomorrow. Nothing to eat at home. Hopefully someone can help me out. - AUS
I don't have a sob story or any of that kind of stuff people usually have around here. I'll be honest. I couldn't save any money for food since Christmas is around the corner and we all know that means gifts for all... Including rent. Sigh.


I would really appreciate the help if someone could lend a hand. I get paid tomorrow so I can repay it forward to someone here in need just as I am today.


Any Aussies can lend a hand? :S
[REQUEST] Willing to do something random for a pizza tonight! North Central Texas...
No real sob story here. Just your typical broke-after-paying-rent college student at UNT. Ramen and sandwiches until Thursday seems fairly unappetizing so I was hoping to get a good meal to last through the weekend.

I just discovered this sub and it's awesome. Definitely excited to be able to pay it forward after the money rolls back in...
[Request] Dinner for a hard working student
Eight Hour shift ends tonight at nine. I have a midterm tomorrow and another eight hour shift after. No food in the house. Any time or money I can save would be great. Not the best sob story but worth a try. Thanks

Phoniemcringring

[REQUEST] NORTH CAROLINA USA
Starving due to unexpected expense. Have been for a little over a wk now and would love a pizza to carry me over to payday. Will gladly return the favor when payday comes. Willing to do almost any task(nothing to hurt myself or others) Thank you so much in advance!!
[request] Savannah, GA - I cannot afford food and a pizza would feed me for days.
SO, I lost my job about a month ago, waiting/hoping on unemployment insurance, utilities are slowly being turned off (I currently have no hot water, BBRRRRRRRR), i'm sick of asking friends for money and my mom has helped me more than she is able to.

My dog Odie is also out of food now, today I fed him some leftover eggs and hashbrowns with gravy, he will also be enjoying the pizza and I will post pictures of this.

My request is for www.screaminmimispizza.com specifically, because it's only a couple dollars more than a regular chain pizza and it will feed me for 2-3 days. My favorite is a pizza w/ eggplant or the bbq chicken pizza w/ ricotta.

Thanks for reading,
Drew
[Request] Truth or Dare for a mofo pie!
Alternatively, I will write a poetic song about you and a hobby of yours and write music for it!
[Request] TX A pizza would really make this Mario Party complete
http://i.imgur.com/DxyE3.jpg
[Request] Delaware USA.  Would love a pizza tonight.
Due to shitty circumstances and misinformation I missed dinner at the dining hall tonight.  The express option was not available due to "spring cleaning".  Me and twelve other unhappy campers got shafted.....  Also, it was wing night at the express dinner.....  Double wut-ze-fuck....

Anywho, I realized that I also have like $3.83 in my bank account until tomo, so if someone would like help me out that would be amazing!! :)))))
[Request] Exhausted, hungry dad here...
My girlfriend has been in the hospital for the past eight days, recovering from a very dangerous  but very successful (YAY!) cancer surgery.  I've been balancing  taking care of our 3 year old son and visiting the hospital for the past week, taking time off of work.

I'm quite hungry.
[Request] I have one egg, mayo, mustard and butter in my fridge.
Most weeks I am really lucky to make it from paycheck to paycheck.  Usually I am broke by Thursday though.  This week is really bad, my mother has fallen on really bad times.  Mom got a foreclosure letter, myself and my sister stepped up and pulled together some money to keep mom in her house at least one more month.  Now I'm in trouble, I gave away all my food money and I haven't told my kids or my husband, I know I'm going to have to and I will but as of right now my kids are home from school and my husband will be home around 6:30 and I have no food and no money to get anything for dinner.  I promise that I will pay it forward next week if someone has it in their heart to help me out tonight.  

Location, Kansas
[REQUEST] Saint Cloud, MN I'm playing pokemon with my brother, and would love a slice!

[REQUEST][Long Island] Help a Student Stage Manager Eat
Hey all,

It's been a while since i've been here, but i kind of really need it. My food plan has run out of money(2 dollars left) and my bank account is less than 10 dollars. 

I'm a stage manager for one of our department shows, so I have very little time to eat at all in these next two weeks, let alone buy anything.

I haven't had a good pizza in a while due to lack of funds, and i really need to keep my energy up for the next week or so.

Is there any possibility that anyone out there could help me?

Thanks!
[Request] Got back on my feet, got multiple job offers to the point that I turned a job offer down. Would love to celebrate with Pizza with my friends!

[request] broke, Prego wife needs pizza! Oregon, USA
We're quickly running out of food money as we are preparing to move to a different state.  My wife is 6 1/2 months pregnant and usually craves mexican food but tonight she itching for some pizza. Grants Pass,  Oregon USA
[Request] Green Springs, Ohio. Been living with mom's ex boyfriend in a trailer. Would love a pizza.
It's Tuesday and the week isn't looking up. Trying to get a job but it's not working out, still have to eat. I'd love it if I could get a pie today. 
[Request] No money until Friday, could use a pizza :)
Hi RAoP! 
I live in Miami and have been short on money. Chicken's pretty much the only thing our family's had since we moved down in August. (Father says it's the cheaper meat and can be spread out over days). Heh and I've been craving pizza recently (well, any other type of meat really) and was wondering if anyone could get me out of this chicken routine heh.

I don't really know what to provide you guys, but I here's a picture of my cow cat putting his paw on my hand :)

http://imgur.com/SEZH7
[Request] Will Draw for Food! AZ.
Hello!

Just your average starving comp sci major. I am rather skilled in photoshop and corel draw though, and will draw or shop whatever you like, my dear pizza champion. You want a cool space desktop background? You got it. You want to ponify yourself? I can do that. You want George Washington leading a bunch of space marines? Man you really want me to work for it, don't you? I'll do it!

Thanks for reading.
[Request] CA - Family with no food for the weekend.
Food stamps are now 2 weeks late due to moving counties and a new case worker that is slow as molasses in January. She's had my completed file for 2 full weeks (as of Friday) and still hasn't "processed" it. (Whatever that entails..) 

My family (Me, Hubby, and 2yr old baby girl) have been living off our pantry and freezer for 2+ weeks. Last night we used our last chicken breast. Today was literally buttered rice.

The food stamp office is closed till Monday morning at which point I will be calling my case worker, her supervisor, as well as her supervisor's supervisor; hourly, if necessary, until I have money to buy food for my family.

Until then anyone wanna send us a pizza?

[request]my family would like some pizza but money does'nt streach that much
i'm a disabled father living on disability and those checks don't go far after bills there is nothing left to treat my family to a dinner out,we haven't had a dinner out for 6 months.i would really like for them to have something different than hotdogs and tuna sandwiche's.please if you could help that would mean the world.thank you,i have a verification code if you need it and my location is conway,south carolina

[Request] California USA Wife's out, rent checks in danger of bouncing, would love a pizza tonight. 
As the title says, broke, alone and would love a pizza. I'll answer all questions :)
[Request] Pizza in exchange for a mystery gift!
I have about 15.00 in Amazon payments credit and I don't feel like waiting for it to deposit into my account. I'm also craving some pizza...so, I was thinking I'd have some fun.

Whoever orders me a pizza tonight and sends me their address will get a random gift chosen by me shipped to their house. It won't be a junk item, I will try to get creative and thoughtful with it. I won't tell you what it is so you'll just have to wait and see when it arrives.

My inspiration was a cross between RAOP and RAOA!
{Request} husband and son have been sick and I just don't have the time or energy to get dinner started. Duluth,MN
It's been a long day, my husband was up all night sick and my two year old has been sick with the same thing the last week. Just at the end of my rope and could really use a break. Thanks!
[REQUEST] Art student in MS who is quite hungry and willing to pay back your kindness later.
I've loved RAOP for a very long time and always wanted to participate and give someone pizza, but never had the chance.  Now that I'm in a time of need I feel like RAOP will be there for me.  
I haven't eaten for two days and only slept about 20 hours this week due to working on installations.  

**However!**

I was just commissioned for two pieces and will be paid within the month!  So for the person who does help me out tonight, I will buy you or a person of your choosing pizza once I get paid.  
Thank you in advance!  This is honestly one of the best communities on Reddit.
[REQUEST] I Just got Kicked out by my boyfriend, I could really use a pizza........and a hug.
what else can I say? i'm a poor college student. I should have known it was coming, he's been very distant for the last week.

I'm located in PA, if anyone out there has a kind heart.......
[Request] Santa Barbara, Ca
This isn't for me but I have a friend who is in need but isn't a redditor. (That I know of). He became unemployed a couple weeks ago and he has barely enough food to keep his weight up. I am broke as hell and can't help him at the moment. All I have to offer is I will help someone at some future date in need.
[request] Vancouver BC really really needing a pizza!!
currently living in my car with my 55 year old mother and 2 dogs. We both lost our jobs in 08 and we moved from Toronto to Vancouver after trying to survive out east for work it was hit and miss, so we sold what we had and drove across canada. I just recently got a good job out here in Vancouver and hoping to get a place for Nov 1st. But we are out of food and gas as I'm waiting for my check on the 15th but we are all starving a random act of pizza would greatly lift our spirits. 

**UPDATE** 
Thanks for those that reached out to us the community centre closed at 9 near us which had the internet, but some guy outside noticed us shuffling things around in the car getting ready for bed and came over to us to talk, at first we were a bit freaked out but the guy was nice and gave us 40 bucks to get some grub and gas, I still didn't get that pizza cause the safeway was the closest place but hey maybe on my pay day on the 15th!! thanks again for all that responded and offered help
[Request] Could use some pizza tonight
So I'm one of those American working poor, my paycheck on friday all went toward rent (which I was behind on, didn't want to be on the streets) and other bills such as power (my state has some of the highest power charges on the west coast, so it's not cheap no matter how much you conserve). Anyway, I had enough left over to buy a few packs of ramen which is ran out pretty fast. I went to my local food bank after work (not above getting help there), however they closed at 3 today (normally they close at 5). I'm going tomorrow after work but am very hungry. Sorry for the long post but if anyone is willing to give I'd be grateful. I'd be willing to provide any proof I can give. Cheers
[request!!] no sad story, no bad day- just hungry &lt;3
so im broke (per usual) but this time im out of gas and spent the last few bucks on cat food... its not his fault im irresponsible w/ my money right? i tried to reach out to my wonderful friends on facebook, but as it turns out no one loves me as much as i thought they did. this is quite a sad day for me indeed. help a girl out, order me a pizza? i'd even take thai delivery... that would make this the best day ever, let me tell ya.

dc metropolitan area... THANKKKKKS &lt;3
[REQUEST] [CANADA] Lost my job and don't have anything left
I finished the last of what I have. I'm a student without anything to eat today and a pizza would really help right now =\
[REQUEST] Between jobs and have a girlfriend's birthday to brighten
Hi everyone.

I'm currently between jobs and looking to give my girlfriend a little treat on her birthday, a day we both don't have the means to properly celebrate right now.  We've still got food in the pantry so we aren't going hungry, but I'd like to switch it up a little bit with some cheesy comfort food.  Any kind souls out there today?
[REQUEST][Ottawa] At a (9), kind of lost, extremely hungry, can't brave the cold anymoh! Request pizza backup!
I'm in my gf's appt and I'm glued to the stool. It's actually -33 C or something outside. I got to a (10) outside on the Rideau Mall terrace... Then the frostbite started coming... Ran back to the appt and am currently defrosting. Extreme munchies kicking in. Backup support requested!
[Request] Just saw "Magic Mike" and have never been so disappointed in my life.  A Pizza would certainly save the night!
Seriously, you'd think a movie about male strippers would tickle this girl's fancy, but no dice.  I should have gone to see "Ted"...

Also I get paid tomorrow and can pay a pizza forward. =)
(request) Daughters Birthday.
I am new to Reddit, after reading several threads I doubt I'd have a chance, this isn't a sob story nor am I begging, but today is my daughters 9th birthday, I've been working my butt off just to keep our home, I got my daughter a birthday card and that's all I could afford, although I plan on making it up to her I just want her to be able to have something special today and I can't even provide a decent meal to her today, if someone could help me make my little girls birthday special I'd appreciate it. I feel terrible asking I've always been the independent one, but I really just want to turn this day around. 

I can provide whatever is needed to be provided to make this happen.
[Request] Got 2 Finals tomorrow, just got a speeding ticket, and have no money for my gf and I to eat dinner who is visiting.....would be much appreciated if someone could hook it up with a pie

Request: Pizza for newsroom workaholics
We are currently stressing out in our newsroom for various reasons to get content ready for the next day's paper. A pizza would make this all go down much easier and give our News editor moments of precious peace.
[Request] A Pizza To Surprise My Hardworking Wife With
Hello. I've never posted in Random Acts of Pizza before, so I apologize if I'm not doing this correctly.

I'd love to surprise my wife with a pizza tonight if I could.  She worked from 4pm to 1am on Monday, and Tuesday. She then went back to work this morning (Wednesday) from 9am to 5pm. 
Money is pretty tight in our household right now, and she has my debit card so I cannot surprise her myself. But she has been working really hard lately. I've very proud of her, and I want to see her rewarded for her efforts.

I work a "normal" 8-5, M-F job. So this will be the first time since Sunday we'll be at home together while not being unconscious. I hope this works out!

( I don't know if any of the stuff below matters, I'm just trying to be thorough.)


We live in a college town, so there is a Pizza Hut, Domino's, Papa John's, and Papa Murphy's.
No olives or peppers please. (She hates the first, and the second gives me acid reflux.)

[Request] Some college dudes studying could use some foodz.
We are some dudes in Norwich, CT studying for various classes and we could use some food. We are college students low on money and hungry for some pizza. 
[Request] Florida - Hungry and desperate without a cent to my name :(
Ok, ready for the sob story? Got kicked out of an apartment and screwed out of my security deposit because the landlord's secretary made a mistake, my car broke down and then had two windows smashed, got robbed for a $700 financial aid check from school (gonna take six months to get it back now), and now the guy I did some painting for has just disappeared without paying me. So yeah, I'm broke and starving..staying at a friend's place in exchange for taking care of their pets. I've been living on my own since I was a teenager and I've never been in such a bad spot like this - made a throwaway because I'm honestly ashamed at the state my life is in right now.

The good news is that I just got hired somewhere, so in a few weeks when I get paid I'll pay it forward to someone else who's down on their luck. thanks in advance. 
[Request] San Diego, CA. Struggling teenage girl looking for a nice pizza to eat tonight..
I've been struggling financially since I got out of school and so long story short, I don't get to eat as often as I probably should and someone I know pointed me to this page. It'd be lovely and much appreciated if someone could help me out with a pizza tonight.  
Thanks (:
[request] Per diem check for work never showed Auburn Wa
Hey guys, my per diem check never came and we were counting on itWe are paying rent today (late as is)And we won't have any money left for the rest of the week. I budget like crazy but my SO had to go away to.work for a week, so he had to pay to love separately from us. So we are very behind and broke.Well the check hasn't come and was suppose to be here a week ago.I will return the favor in a few weeks when we get all caught up.Anyone want to help a girl out?Much appreciated! 
[Request] Make this an anniversary to remember
Hi, Reddit.  I'm here because I have a favor to ask.  Tonight is my girlfriend and I's one-year anniversary.  It should be a great night, and sadly I just can't make it happen the way I want it to.  I'm broke and can't afford so much as a few wildflowers, let alone dinner.  I'm not looking for something extravagant, but I was hoping I'd be able to find a generous soul willing to help me surprise her.  She knows I can't afford anything, so I know she'll be surprised.  I even made this throwaway account just so she doesn't see a request if she happens to check my reddit activity.  

We're in Minneapolis.  It's a cold night out there and we could really use your help.  Please help me make this an anniversary to remember.  I guarantee that if you can help us out, we'll be talking about the time that reddit helped us celebrate one year together.  
[REQUEST] Single mom with 14 kids
here is picture i took today with my babies:
http://i.imgur.com/IyTUk.png

 as you can see no food on table have  not eaten in 2 days. would love some hot pizza. dont worry where i live i dont want to mention that. just send cash.
[Request] Recovering from an injury and a move out of state. Broke until the fourth.
**Note:** I did post this in the other random act of pizza subreddit first not realizing this was the main one. I have not recieved pizza (or even a comment) there.
 
Hey, thanks for taking the time to read this. I got injured really badly last pay period and was unable to work for nearly two weeks. Normally I would have a back up plan but I just spent a whole bunch of money on a move out of state so that I could finally get my life heading the direction I needed. I have 7 dollars in my checking account and nothing in my savings. I have a six pack of ramen noodles and half an onion and that is every thing that I own as far as food. I have already been surviving off ramen and toast for the last 3 days.
Please help me out. I promise to pay it forward as soon as I am able. I can try and draw you something but my art skills are pretty lacking. I cant think of anything else to barter with if you think of something let me know. Again, thank you for taking the time to read this.

**Edit:** Crap! I realized I didnt add where I am from WA, USA
[Request] Broke almost 30 something needs cold 
pizza for first Saturday of College Football 
Probably a long shot. Broke, no real money til next week. Can provide pictures of kitten attempting to eat pizza.  Just gonna be lounging around watching football this weekend with my kitties, eating oatmeal, lol.  I'm in Georgia, but not a Georgia fan.
[Request][USA-IL-Chicagoland] Moving at the end of the week; pantry and wallet empty until then. Feed me?
Thanks to security deposits and two month's rent and hiring movers, I have absolutely no food and no money to last me until I move at the end of the week. 

I would be super appreciative if someone would be willing to hook me up with a pizza, which would feed me for at least 2-3 days. I have every intention of returning the favor when I get paid on the 31st.
[Request] Montréal, QC - "Wait, they *just send you a pizza*?!?" -My roommate as I just described RAOP

[Request] Lost my job and just had to move back home, I would really love a pizza right now.
I lost my job about a month ago and have had no luck in finding a new one. I just ended up having to move back home as well because I could no longer afford to pay rent. I'm not starving or going to go hungry, but a pizza would be really great right now, and I would much rather have it than easy mac for the 4th night in a row. I'll happily repay it as well once I finally have a job again!
[Request] Jobless, hungry in Boston. Have job interview tomorrow, promise to pay it forward if I get it!
Don't feel like eating another box of kraft mac n' cheese made with gross half and half. May not be in as bad need as some people, but I've had a crap week. 
[Request]Stress, No job, and Finals.
Hey all, I'm a poor college student(what a surprise) posting here hoping to get some pizza. why do I need pizza, you ask? well, it's midterm week, and as a Senior in IT, i'm fucking stressed. I just learned today that my parents are getting a divorce, which was honestly not a surprise, but it still kinda hurt. I usually get by on shitty overpriced Cafeteria food but I just lost my shitty job mopping floors at Shaw's a couple weeks ago and there are ~no~ other jobs in my podunk little vermont town. All I ask is if someone can send some breadsticks or a Small pizza for me and my equally hungry Roommate, it would be mightily appreciated.
[Request] Just moved into a new place and last weeks groceries overdrafted my account...my last paycheck from my previous work got lost in the mail...no money and hungry (US TX)
I am super embarrassed but I wouldn't mind some pizza. I will pay it forward when my check gets here in the mail!  
(Request)Pizza for sick father-in-law and A couple. 
I'm hiding behind this throwaway account because I am embarrassed to ask for help again. We've received pizza before when we were homeless a couple months back. However we moved recently in our new apartment and were already late on rent so all our money went towards bills. My father is lending us gas money tomorrow to get to the food pantry but today I'm not sure what we are going to do. 

My husbands father is staying a couple weeks with us because he wasn't getting the proper care where he lives at. He has heart problems and is diabetic, and he has to eat which makes me feel terrible because we had to pay a more big of a late fee then I thought and I feel that we are letting him down by us as well not giving him the proper care he needs.   

We have no children so I can understand if we aren't helped.

However, if someone does help, I can give them my real account name, and I wouldn't mind taking a picture as well, whatever works.

Thanks. 
[request] Just had wages garnished, had to pick between groceries and transit pass to get to school. Had to choose transit pass.
Just like the title says, I have no food at my house and no money to buy any with. At least not for the next week. Pretty sure I could make a pizza go pretty far. 

(I guess that's a lie...I have some protein powder on top of my fridge). 

Located in San Francisco, CA!
Request:Dayton, OH
My roommate and I are penniless and foodless for the next 72 hours.
I was supposed to get paid for tutoring this week, but my student got a speeding ticket and paid that first. 
A pizza would feed us for the next couple of days, and I would weep with relief if we got some help.
I also have hypothyroidism, and going hungry can be really difficult for me.
If you give me your address, I will send you a thank you card in return, and I will write your name/username in Arabic for you, if you want.
[Request] Pizza for me and my little sister. Scituate, Massachusetts. And I'll be frank.
Today, I'm with my 10 year old sister. I spent the day with her yesterday, and I'm going to spend today with her again. I plan on going to the beach with her later. Now, I *do* have money, but sadly, all I have is a $20 from my mom which I think I might need to spend on gas because the tank is almost empty, and my own money, which came from my last paycheck a few weeks ago, and I have been saving. A little help would be appreciated. Now, I would like to give something in return to the sender of the pizza, because I like giving back. So in return, I will draw you whatever you want (mind you, I'm not that talented). Thanks so much!
[request] Texas USA got into a nasty bike crash Saturday would love a little help of the pizza kind
http://imgur.com/xtzEuvC

sidewalk dropped out of nowhere about three feet and forced me to eat shit. could really use some encouragement. 
[Request] Air Force finance fucked my paycheck, I crashed my car, my phone and computer are broken, and I'm flat broke. Help an airman out? [Wright-Patterson AFB, OH]
I'm stationed at WPAFB. My pay got all jacked up and they took everything back at once. That's a lot of money. Anyone in the air force understands how fucked finance can be. I crashed my car last week, my computer screen broke, my phone isn't working. I'm currently typing this in the tiny area of my screen that still works. I hate asking for charity since I've been poor all my life. But I've had such a bad run the past few weeks and I'm burnt out and flat broke. And since it's my food allowance, (BAS) that is fucked up, I can't eat at the dining facility on base using my military ID. I'd really appreciate some help, guys. If not, that's cool. I have oatmeal. I'm just so tired of oatmeal..

edit: When I get back on my feet, I intend to pay it forward. I believe wholeheartedly in that philosophy.
[Request] (US) Pregnant, broke, and hungry!  Pic inside. 
I'm 36 weeks pregnant, and currently broke until payday tomorrow.  I've been living off of ramen noodles and cereal the past few days, but my supplies are dwindling.  Here's proof - http://i.imgur.com/PRbVY.jpg
Thanks reddit! 
[Request] I programmed through dinner hours--Oops!  Help a hungry Comp Sci student out!
So here's the deal:  I didn't know my college had shortened dinner hours on Sunday (only been here a week!) and was so busy catching up on work for my Comp Sci class that I missed eating.  Every place to eat on campus is closed early and I'm on a campus just far enough from town to make walking for food slightly dangerous.  I'm going to be up late programming and I'm starting to get really, really hungry...  

In exchange I can offer an Android app in which you draw doodles on a cat face. [Screenshot](http://imgur.com/zuURi)

I'm in MA, by the way :)

[Request} Family of 6 in the Inland Empire-California
Hi thanks for reading our post.  We are a "combined" family of 6 in Hemet.  My husband has 3 children ages 15, 11, and 8. I have my 14 year old son.  We are raising the 4 of them without any help (physical, mental or financial) from the other parents.  We have had to close down our Small Business this year due to the economy and for the first time have had to go on public assistance.  We are struggling to find gainful employment for my husband, but so far have had no luck.  I would be willing to go back to work immediately, however I will be having lung surgery in the near future to find out if I have cancer.  It seems like with the summer here we should be having some kind of fun with our kiddos, but we are not able to afford to take them anywhere so we have made "movie" night and "game" night at home......a pizza would make it a wonderful night....a much needed wonderful night.  Thank you for reading.
[Request] New york ..full time/College kid In need of pizza before i work =(
Basically i have work at 3 woke up with no food and i dont get paid till next week friday and a friend is gonna give me a loan at midnight so ill get some one a pizza back tonight so please can someone help out =(
[request] will write song about you for pizza
didn't really think out my budget. have money for books but no food. you could make a poor college student so happy.
[Request] Working at home with nothing to eat.
Not sure how this whole thing works but I do tech support from my house and today is that day of the month (Not a women, in regards to food) were rent is paid but I am with out cash until I get paid. I will return the favor, I promise.
[Request] Cleveland, Tennessee. Hawngry :\
Hello. A bit about my situation: i lost my job the day after xmas. Contract expired, customer did not renew (they went with another security contractor). My funds have ran out while hunting a new job, at a horrible time of the year to be job hunting. Any assistance would be paid forward asap. 
 Edit: 8-1-13. 1511
 I have a job interview thursday. woot! 
[REQUEST] Unemployed w/sick dog &amp; huge vet bills - Phoenix, AZ area
I have been unemployed for about six months and recently my dog has had numerous health issues that have led to thousands of dollars in vet bills. I have fallen behind on my mortgage in order to help try and save her. She is slowly doing better but still needs daily medications that I am struggling to pay for. I know to many people it may seem crazy to sacrifice so much for a dog, but she really is my baby. I would appreciate a pizza to help give me some comfort during this difficult time, as I have no family near me either. Thanks for your consideration.
[Request] Bought someone pizza, now I'm craving it...
So I spent the weekend with a good friend of mine and his room mate. In exchange, I just ordered them a pizza and a couple of 2 liters of Mello Yellow. Being college students, they hadn't had the money to go to a grocery store and their fridge consisted of a carton of eggs and a pitcher of koolaid. I felt like they needed it. Anywho, my problem now is that now that I've bought someone else pizza, I really want some. It's just me so a small one would do fine and I have plenty of drinks in my dorm. I'd be ever grateful. &lt;3
[Request] We're broke and hungry in Alabama.
My brother and I are both broke, unemployed USMC veterans who are trying to find jobs for the summer in between college semesters (Good news! We have interviews with the same business tomorrow afternoon.) We've both been working odd jobs during the graveyard shift, so we're up all night and sleep during the mid-morning/early afternoon. We've been spacing out the few dollars we had for ramen noodles, but even our change jars are empty now. Since we haven't eaten since Saturday, a pizza would be the best thing ever. Plus, I'm sure we could make it last a couple days. I will absolutely pay it forward once we get some money coming in.
[Request] Me and my roommate are working hard on research papers tonight, could use a pick-me-up
References:
Robot_Legs, "Hungry, Hungry Roommates", (December, 2012)
[Request] Nashville hair party ladies in need of pizza pie
We are just 8 lovely ladies sitting in a small kitchen around an over while our talented friend cuts our hair. We have laughs and love, all we need now is pizza!
[REQUEST] - Location, Tennessee: Recently had my identity stolen, All accounts wiped out, really need some food.
If you want to read more, this is the loan request in r/assistance: http://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/comments/13pexq/identity_got_stolen_share_and_share_draft/

I'm already going to assume that no one will give me a loan and I'm going to have to ride it out until next week. I could really use a pizza or something that has a high calorie and triglyceride content so Ican eat a slice before work and power through my shift loading trailers. All I have right now is a cup of parboiled rice and without cash and not knowing any of the cooks at local resturants, I need some help. 
[Request] Mom just had her gallbladder removed and I haven't been able to cook any thing for dinner
My mom's Gallbladder removal was supposed to be a routine procedure but ended up being twice the size of an ordinary one so removing it was a complicated procedure. Once it was out she was left with a giant scar and is now in a bunch of pain she even attempts to get up and walk around leaving me the responsibility to do everything around the house. It's been about a week and I've been able to magically make whatever we had left but now I'm running out of money and energy. So if you can please let me know, Thanks.
{REQUEST} PIZZA FOR BATMAN!!!
I just came back from vaction, now I'm broke. This has put a damper on my plan to lure Batman to my house to learn his ways. There are 4 people who live here and I am trying to get enough pizza to feed them and, with any luck, attract the Dark Knight himself to join in the festivities. I have requested pizza on this site before and have recieved a gift card. But at the time I couldn't use it so I donated it to someone else who needed it more than I did (not unlike the Caped Crusader would have done). I would be grateful for any help.
[REQUEST] US - East Coast - Want to send a pie to my husband at work to say "I love you."
I'm short on personal cash, and want to do something nice for my husband.  He has been infinitely awesome to me in the last year and a half, dealing with me being in grad school, student teaching, and miscellaneous other issues.  I still can't grok how much he's done for me out of the kindness of his heart.

Can the pizza spirits bestow a worthy gift to this kick ass husband of mine? He takes his lunch at his desk around noonish. He is a redditor, and probably post-stalks me periodically.  In the interests of keeping his work location secret, I'll post details in PM only.

Thanks in advance!
[Request] I just put my cat to sleep and I'm sick of ramen, anyone around San Fran willing to give me a pizza?
I love reading Wired, but this is something else.
[Request] Two starving twin sisters in need of some carbs to get us through the day!
Hey guys :) Just found this website...what a miracle. Basically, me and my sister are students and are trying our hardest not to ask our parents for money all summer like we usually do. We have no money until Sunday where we are doing a paid photo-shoot but right now, we are SO hungry.

If we got pizza it would save us as we get so irritable when we're hungry (we all know the feeling)

Please help us!!! We will definitely repay the favour on Sunday! (pizza all round yayay!)

Lola &amp; Heidi
[Request] I have been having shit luck... Pizza will help Morale!
[Request] Out of Saint Louis Missouri. (Specifically The Soulard Area)

So here is my story, Hopefully it will warrant delicious pizza..

For the past 5 months i have been an addict in recovery.
At one point i realized i no longer wanted to keep living the way i was living.. Talked to my family and got help. I was addicted to Amphetamines and was starting to develop a bad heroin habit. I spend 42 days in rehab.. Came out with a new lease on life, and spent the next 3 - 4 months in a sober living facility. Just trying to remember how to live and enjoy life sober.. I got the best job i have ever had (Contracting for charter) and after a month i was promoted to be the south Saint Louis Market contractor. (Basically i managed all southern saint Louis contractors)
Things were going great, With my new job i rented out a new apartment Set myself up a home office, and genuinely enjoyed day to day activities. Then one day, When i was heading back from a Narcotics Anonymous meeting, I got pulled over in Illinois (15 minutes from my apartment in Saint Louis) The Police Officer Informed me that i had an outstanding warrant in O-Fallon Missouri for Possession of a controlled substance. You see, I knew that this warrant was a possibility, But i had assumed they would let me know when they decided to issue the warrant! 6 months prior (Before Rehab) i had been arrested for Possesion and they had let me go, With no ticket, Not even a court date. Since that was my first serious charge ever i had assumed they would at least let me know if i had a warrant.
Well. Long story short(er) I ended up spending 5 days in a holding cell in collinsville Illinois, 2 Days in Madison County, and 1 day in St Charles County. MY mother had got me a lawyer so that i could bond out (they didn't want to let me post 10% so without a lawyer my bond would have been 20,000) and ended up spending 5k just so i can hopefully keep my job.

She had hoped that by getting a lawyer and since this was my first offence, ever, We would be able to preserve my job. Well, No luck. I lost my job because of my 1 week absence and the fact that i had obtained a felony. Since i was a contractor i cannot collect unemployment.

So here i am. 1 month later. With barely Any food in my fridge, A carton of cigarettes, and an internet connection that will be shut off any day now. I have until the 30th of august before i get evicted, and am currently considering moving back into a half-way house.
BUT i am STILL SOBER! Which i am proud of, Months ago i would have been wasted the second anything went wrong.
So i come to you, knights of pizza, humbly asking to Make my evening tonight. I would LOVE to eat something other than macaroni and cheese.

I can prove any of it! i can provide pictures of: Graduation certificates, An empty fridge, a hungry dog, anything you can think of..
Thanks in advance.

TLDR; Living Life Like a boss, then old warrant came up, Lost everything because of bad decisions in the past.. pizza will help morale.
[REQUEST] Just found out about this community from another post. Not in need, just trying it out!
I found this community through [another post](http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/iphuy/during_an_illness_a_friend_recommended_reddit_to/) and thought it sounded pretty ludicrous, so I figured I would check it out. I pop in, read through the sidebar and notice this tidbit:

"Requestors, please be COMPLETELY HONEST about your circumstances. We dont mind multiple requestors or asking for pizza just for fun or asking for any reason."

Darn interesting, I figured that the community here would be completely against people who are not starving and out of cash requesting pizza, but I absolutely fucking love pizza, so here I am testing it out

Again, being completely upfront, I am not in any ridiculous need for pizza, besides my undying love for it. I pay my bills every month, I have a decent lump of money saved up in the bank, all is going pretty well, but here is the request anyways!

Oh almost forgot, here is my verification code: ZkmSFEfYfT6b

EDIT: Forgot my general area as well, Detroit Metro area!
[REQUEST] Michigan hunger
Would love to have a pie with my fam. Little ceasars is to much. 8 people so a slice a piece would do..wait grandson to small for a full piece.
Hopefully thank you
[Request - lower mainland BC] feeling pretty under the weather this week, would love a nice slice of cheese and pesto to munch on
I've been feeling pretty crummy all weekend.. 8 of my friends left on a trip to Japan, and the weather here hasn't been at all great. I just got a job, but I work from home, and now that it's summer, everyone at my house is gone but me. I'm definitely not used to being alone so much. Needless to say, it's all brought my mood down.

I've never done anything like this pizza act before, but it would definitely make my week if someone would send over a cheese and pesto pizza or something.
[REQUEST] I have never eaten pizza before. Michigan.
Hi reddit, I'm new (but am enjoying this place so far!) so I hope this is still allowed. I'm an ex-Amish youth from a strict religious sect in Ohio who decided to leave during rumspringa. I have never had the chance to eat pizza or most other foods that are not home made until recently, but now I am in college and can do what I please. 

I am pretty money-less at the moment and would love to be able to eat a pizza, and share it with my roommate. I am in Michigan, in the USA. I can post pictures of my first pizza eating experience if someone decides to help. Or if anyone has any questions, feel free to ask me. Thank you reddit! 

Edit: Still no pizza :(! Welcoming questions, though!
[Request] No money andI just want a pizza. [Central Ohio]
I'm really hungry and I just want a pizza. I've been craving one over the past few days and I want a pizza. Papa John's or some local pizza is preferred. Thanks in advance. Edit: My friend can also draw you a cartoonish picture of your choice, if you'd like.
[request] My debit card was frozen due to detected fraud, today is a bank holiday in the US, so I cannot pull money out in person. Will pay it forward as soon as my new card arrives. 
Pretty straight forward, I'm not a struggling individual, however I have been inconvenienced by someone's criminal theft of my card information on a holiday weekend. 
[Request] [UK] Basically, I recently moved into my new flat for university and...
...I've spent my weekly allowance on other necessities like bed sheets, toilet paper, etc. I had enough money left over to have food the day before yesterday. I didn't mind not eating yesterday since I was asleep due to the exhaustion from moving. 

I daren't ask my parents for money because I know money is very tight and being the over loving parents that they are, they'd stop eating for a week if it means I'm comfortable and I just cannot do that to them. If anyone is willing to send me a pizza, then great. If not, then thanks for actually reading all this :)

I'm in Bristol btw

Thanks
[Request] Got overzealous paying off the car last week, have $1.36 until May 15. But the car no longer belongs to the bank! 
Thanks for getting this far. 

Not to pile on the bad news, because it really isn't that bad, but I just got a call from the landlord that the power's been out for a few hours in my complex, and to be careful of the food in the fridge when I get back from work. 

Sounds like it could be a long Monday. 
~Nashville TN
request for pizza Chesterfield MI. 48047
me and my family struggle every day to eat because of the economy we were forced to all move together 5 of us in a two bed room apt it would be nice to have something good to eat and to have a day off from the worry of what we are going to eat today 
[Request] North Carolina, Winston Salem; Got a job interview, can't afford to celebrate.
Hopefully I'll have a job very soon and will be able to buy pizza for a nice redditor, but as of now I've got a little over $20 to my name. I'm very hungry and pizza would sure beat more campbell's. 
[Request] Broke (literally) college kid in Lubbock, TX
~~I have managed to pay off tuition with 17$ left in my checking account and 200$ worth of credit card debt. I have been eating ramen noodles for the past week and would love some sort of meat on a pizza. Also lost my job and trying to find another so i need the money I have left for gas.. Help me RAOP, you're my only hope~~

Thanks to Stalked_Like_Corn, he is freaking awesome.
[request] Pizza for daughter and I?
She's 3, wants pizza, and mommy is broke. Will post a picture of her three year old pizza face if you buy us lunch :)
[Request] I'm an exchange student in Argentina for the semester and I was hoping to gift to my GF in the states!
Upstate SC, she would really appreciate the gift and it would save her time from cooking! thank you RAOP!

[Request] Delivery Driver hoping for a delivery
I am completely broke right now and have no food to eat except an old can of corn. The last of the money I had from my last couple shifts had to go into my gas tank so I could actually go to work tomorrow. I would be happy with any kind of pizza whatsoever(I don't really like pineapple but beggars can't be choosers). I am not sure what I can offer in return I can take a picture of myself acting a fool or maybe my cat who has a split paw. If you can find it in your heart to help me I will be forever grateful.
[Request]Hungry college kid in Dallas
I am currently only attending college due to a full scholarship. A nice cheese pizza would be greatly appreciated! 
*first time asking for food
[Request] I really want a pizza in Blaine, MN
Been going through the same old routine for months. It would be interested if a random stranger on the internet gave me a pizza. I can promise to pizza it forward this Friday.
[REQUEST] Illinois USA would love a pizza for lunch
Hey! Recently got laid off, and roommate gets paid Friday. Pretty much stuck on ramen at the moment... A pizza would be a blessing!
[Request] Been living on my credit card since May 20th. Won't get paid until Tuesday. Located in Boston.
I asked for help in r/assistance and someone was kind enough to give me $45 for help on my credit card a week ago. Now I'm out of groceries and  the credit card bill is getting dangerously higher. This pizza would GREATLY help me out.  I'll pay it forward as soon as I start getting my steady income back!

Edit:

dontlikerainbows helped me out! I now have food to tide me over until Tuesday!
[Request] Out of money college student
Hello RaoP,


I don't usually beg for stuff, but I don't have anything to eat today. I've spent all of my dining hall meals this week since I was busy studying and ate an easy three meals a day. It payed off though because I got an A in two classes. Gah, I'm rambling. The only thing edible I have in my room is coffee. I like coffee. Anyway, why not give this a shot.


Ducks
[Request] Arizona. Red light ticket, whoops there goes all my extra money
Well the ticket is IMO total bs (it looks like I come to a full stop to me in the little grainy video) but I have to pay it, according to the ticket I did not come to a complete stop while making a right on red. Pretty crappy mood about it and was poor before having to pay it. Pizza is my comfort food. Also there's that email from PJ's that says if I order more than $10 I'll get 25 papa points, that would make this week not so shitty. I thank anyone for considering my request.
[Request] Vet bill after dog attacked by pair of pit broke the bank. Would really enjoy pizza after a stressful day.
So I've never posted in RAOP before but a friend suggested I come here. Yesterday a pair of pits attacked me and my dog while walking around my neighborhood and I just paid off the vet and hospital bills this morning. It really has left me with $6.88 and means I have no money to eat for a week. I'm going to try and find a way to get food for the meantime (food pantry perhaps?) but after the stress a pizza would be amazing.

If you are willing to help me make it through this week with offers of pizza until I get paid, every single pizza will be paid forward after pay day.

This is Indiana:

* http://imgur.com/IP70c
* http://imgur.com/xIAiv
* http://imgur.com/smJNf
* http://imgur.com/x5dmS
* http://imgur.com/rgmFX

Photos of bill available if that kind of thing is needed. I have a verification code to give as well. This is my first time ever here so, apologizes if I've broken a rule I didn't see.

***P.S. To any one out there considering getting an pitbull terrier THIS SHOULD IN NO WAY AFFECT YOUR DECISION.*** Indiana is part pit and pits are absolutely lovely creatures. The owner trained them for defense and fighting then let them get loose. I am already broken up about them getting destroyed. Responsible and loving dog owners know that pits are wonderful.
{Request} Wrecked my car last weekend while up north, spent the last of my money paying a deposit for a rental car.  Eating toast two days in a row is getting old...  In West Michigan. 
All I have at home is a loaf of bread, since I was on vacation when the accident happened (as typical in Michigan, a deer decided to do a few cartwheels over the two-week old car).  Luckily insurance is covering the car, but since I don't have a credit/debit card, I had to pay the deposit in cash, depleting all my money until Friday when I get paid again. To make matters worse, the rental car they gave me is a baby blue Nissan Versa, which is embarrassing as hell to drive.

I am in Grand Haven, MI and was wondering if there was any way I could get just a basic pepperoni pizza.  The only chain places are Jets, Pizza Hut, and Dominoes (and Dominoes last I knew used one of those carbon copy things the driver carried for the CC since they demand the person with the card to be here).

I WILL pay it forward after I get paid on Friday.  I am just slightly sick of having toast and butter the past two days...
[Request] - Indianapolis, IN - Want some pizza for rist meal today.
I just moved back to Indianapolis today.  I went through a bad breakup, quickly packed, traveled 900 miles, and ended up in my old home - alone.  Currently I'm penniless, foodless, but I do have some soda.

I would love some pizza for first meal today.
[request] typical boring day at work, the coworkers and I would seriously appreciate some cheesy heaven.
I'm not going to lie about my economic situation, I can afford a pizza. If anyone would like to brighten an intern's day, SEND SOME PIZZA THISA WAY. 



(rhymes for pizza?) 
[request]Help a Broke Moved out Student eat for the first time in 2 days?
Hi, i moved out 2 weeks ago and just started a new job so i have no money at all. i haven't been able to buy groceries in a week and ran out of food 3 days ago. im just lookin for something small but that i can eat for the next week until my first paycheck. any help would be very appreciated.
[Request] Just paid rent, flat broke, could use some cheering up.
Hey all, I'm a bit down in the dumps tonight. I'm hanging out at home, and since I just paid my rent, I am totally broke. It's either this or Ramen -_- Anyone want to help my Saturday night look less bleak? :) 
(request)I want pizza :D&lt;

[request] Salt Lake City Ut, broke from buying textbooks, would love a tasty pseudo-Italian treat.
Pretty much as I said, pizza would be an awesome way to make this first week of school easier and there is no way I could possibly swing it. PM me if you are feeling awesome.

For my fellow students; good luck studying, we are already two days down.

[Request]  Anyone want to be a superhero to 3 kids in Kentucky?
**Thank you, lettherebedwight!!  I will upload pics asap  :) ** 
**Pictures can be found [here](http://caelana.imgur.com/pizza#6ts7M).    thank you again!!**


I have 3 kids (I talk about them a lot here on reddit) who have been asking for pizza for a few days.  It's summer break, they go back to school on the 11th, and have been really good!  

Usually pizza night is a couple of five dollar Little Caesar pizzas, but they are wanting the good, greasy stuff that I can't afford.  

Anyone want to be a hero and send a couple of Pizza Hut pies this way?  I will post pictures of them enjoying it!  

Thanks for reading!  :)
[Request] California, USA Would love some food on the 4th.
I'm all alone with nothing to eat this year. I would really love some pizza, can anyone help?
[REQUEST] Student hungry from packing to move all day, no food in the house and no money in the wallet until friday - Anyone wanna feed me?  Will pay it forward =)  Los Angeles
Been packing all day so I can move into a new place tomorrow, there'se no food in the house, and my funds are drained thanks to the new place's rent and deposit.  I get paid Friday so I will pay it forward / return the favor if anyone is kind enough to feed me tonight =)  I live around the downtown Los Angeles area.

Also, as a bonus I am a Computer Science major here at school, so if you'd like I can offer some computer support if you are having any issues you've been meaning to check out (no promises on being able to fix it, but you'd at least get a free diagnostic without taking it anywhere).  Just thought I might throw that in there as an extra incentive =)
[Request] P-I-Z-Z-A I want Pizzzaaaaaaaaahhhh
[Gimme Pizza!!!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wusGIl3v044)
[request] A meal for a friend
I was hoping that my first random act of pizza for myself, but a friend of mine is recently homeless and needs a meal. This being my first request, I really hope it works. I have the address of the hotel in california she is staying at, so I really hope someone can help. I also hope I am doing this right. 
[Request] Want to do something nice for my sister and brother in law.. :)
Well, here is the sob story.

I just moved in with my sister and brother in law.. They bought a new house and need a roommate, and knowing that I am just out of college and looking for work and all that.. they got me to do it. :P

The first week I moved down here, the small amount of money that I had to get through to find a job was frozen in my bank account because Bank of America is such a PoS. I was literally down here a week, and without any notice/phone call/email.. etc. they froze my account and reissued my debit card back to my parents house where I was living (a days trip away, in another state). I was there planning to cancel my account, when they told me I was going to be unable to do so without my new card... that was a couple of days away in the mail. So basically I am broke as shit. :/

I just started my new job down here, but they pay bi-weekly. I just received my first check, but it immediately had to go to the new bank that I have for student loans and car insurance, to avoid late payments. So for the next two weeks I am broke and even have to bum gas money off of my sister to get to work until I am paid, and she cant really afford to be helping me as much as she is already.

I'd really like to do something nice for her in the meantime... so, anyone want to give me a hand?

Sorry for the wall of text... and not really sure of what else to do, just found this awesome subreddit :)
[Request] It's my 29th BDay and I'm low on funds and not even going out tonight in Little Rock
Not even sure how this works, kind of feels weird just asking for someone i don't know to give me something, but... this does exists... so something Vegetarian would be awesome.
:)
[Request] Kalamazoo, MI Pizza sounds good
Pre-Law, if I make it through (wouldn't count on it if I were you but there's a chance) you get free law stuff. My ferrari lost its traction control and I lost my dads visa black card so hard to eat.
[REQUEST][OHIO] i love pizza
i was gonna tell a story about how my wife cheated on me and threw me out of the house and i left my wallet inside, but instead i just want to see if i can get a pizza randomly. i live in fremont ohio
[REQUEST] Broke and Hungry in Oakland, CA
I'm out of food stamps till the 6th, and I've been eating fruits and vegetables salvaged from dumpsters behind high end grocery store in Berkley. While pizza probably isn't the healthiest source of it, the lack of protein I'm getting from my current diet is making me rather weak, and to be honest, I'm getting rather burnt out of potatoes, carrots, and apples. A pizza would be absolutely killer right now. Please help a girl out, I promise I'll return the favor to someone else in need once I'm less down on my luck.

Edit: A friend of mine just came over with a few groceries for me, so I no longer need a pizza, but if you're still willing to give me one, I'll happily take it.
[Request] NL, Canada, help us celebrate!
Today my boyfriend and I have been together 7 years. It's been a rough, jobless summer, and although we are both back to work, we don't get paid until thursday. We have no money for food, or to celebrate our anniversary. A pizza would make us so happy!

The only place that has online ordering right now only accepts credit cards, so we know it might be a long shot, but hoping someone would be kind enough to help us out. :)
(Request) Just Bailed A Friend Out of Jail
I just bailed a childhood friend out of jail today. He had been getting mixed up in drugs, and honestly, I hadn't spoken to him in about a year. But I never stopped caring about him. He got pulled over, and cops found a bag of weed. He got arrested and no one else, even his family, came to get him out. Cost me around $1000 to release him... Im dry with money now and could use a a pizza... I of course would pass along the generosity 
[request] Surrey UK So hungry...Bank won't give me money...
So, Here is the story, it starts on Thursday 22nd February 2012. I have had a hectic month and have all but run out of money, by the time i realised i wasn't getting paid till the 1st i had maybe 3 or 4 pounds left in my account. Now i am already a student...a student who pays his own rent, and even with the maintainance loan and overdraft find myself on the poor end of the stick a lot. Now i as i am sure you are, am a lover of a good pizza. 


But with only 4 pounds i resigned myself to having to wait till the 1st. So for one week i lived on the 11p noodles at tescos, 3 meals a day of 11p noodles, With the promise of a pizza on the 1st though, my mind was battling through. 28th of Feb and low and behold it is a leap year this year....ok i say, that's fine, one more day, few more noodles i can deal,  I've come this far already. 


The first hits, and the thought of my pizza is incredible, my mouth is watering at the idea as i get out of bed. And the first thing i do is go to check my balance and pay my rent....Oh what's that? yes. My bank details were stolen? Virus on my computer? Now not only is the idea of my pizza gone, but the fear of being unable to pay my rent is gripping me tightly, i call the bank immiediately, and have my accounts frozen and my cards cancelled. it's evening seeing as i have a bad sleeping pattern and probably only woke up at around 5pm. i cannot make it to a bank today to check my balance, and with no cards, i definately cannot buy a pizza :( But tomorrow i tell myself. Tomorrow.


i head in the next day and check my balance the money is there, Phew, i take out enough money for my rent and be on my way. Oh no you cry, where is the money for my pizza. Well i forgot about that. and manage to fall asleep at about 5am that night waking up for bank closing on saturday. Great. Tomorrow is sunday. No pizza then either, And if my card doesn't arrive tomorrow i may have to wait even longer for my pizza. So i call out to you. To all you Pizza samaritans. Help me. In my hour of need, I call upon you reddit.
[Request] Hungry in Washington :)
I would be so eternally grateful if someone would like to order me a pizza! I can provide verification--I am flat ass broke until Friday. Been on a ramen diet for a few days now. On Friday, regardless of whether I get a pizza tonight or not, I will purchase two pizzas for two different people. 
[REQUEST] Hungry student in Toronto! Could use a pizza for the midterms!
A university student cramming for exams, spend all my money on coffee and energy drinks to keep myself going! Could really use a pizza! Thanks in advance for everything! Can give proof of verification!
[REQUEST] Hungry, out of money and did I mention I love pizza? (USA)
So first of all, this account IS a throwaway. Truth be told, I'm embarrassed I'm at this point again, and also, my good friends have my actual account info and I'd just rather them not know I'm here. I have received pizza here once before. My first Reddit cakeday was in August. I'm more than willing to link someone to my real account and provide some sort of proof that I am who I say I am. I just don't want everyone to know! Though I am willing to give thanks from my real account. It's a different feeling, afterwards.

Okay if you made it past that, the short story is that I'm, like most, out of money. I get paid on Friday but until then I'm scavenging. I'm a kind hearted person but I know there are tons of people deserving of food! I'm just hoping someone takes pity on me. Pretty please! I'd be so grateful.

TL:DR - Pizza?

Edit: I live in Washington State.
[Request][Trade] Domino's Pizza For My Olive Garden Gift Card
We are completely out of food and have no way of getting anything or any money at the moment and all I have to offer is an Olive Garden gift card. It has $25 on it and I will never use it as we don't live close to one. If anyone can help us out, I will gladly send you my card and I will even send you the info or a picture so you can check the balance on it yourself :) We live right next to Domino's so a ecard for them would be absolutely perfect as we can walk right there and pick it up. 

Proof: http://s232.photobucket.com/albums/ee163/marcileigh88/?action=view&amp;current=DSCN0125.jpg

**Edit** A friend helped us out tonight.
[Request] CT, USA - Hungry college student on summer break
Hey guys; I've been out of school for about 2 weeks now, and my noodle supply has been running low this week. I haven't gotten any calls back for employment yet, but I'm hoping/gonna keep trying. A pizza would be awesome for the next couple days.

REQUEST HAS BEEN FILLED
[Request] Just employed I get paid Friday have nothing til then. Starving artist. Nyc
I have no food and not a single cent to my name til Friday not mention a past due bill. Stomach sound awful. Really could use a pie.
[request] Hey guys, I hate to ask but I'm in a tough spot
I recently graduated from college, moved to a new city then had my bank account hacked by some motherfucker in England. I have literally no money and I don't know what to do. I owe a bunch but I have nothing. I'm looking for a job and I was expecting to find something more than minimum wage after getting a BA but lo and behold that has not happened. Anyways, I'm hungry and cold and homeless. I'm couch surfing and I'd love some food. Here's the difficult part, I'm vegan. I hate to be a beggar and a chooser, but I'd prefer a vegan pizza. The upshot of that is that I'm around Berkeley, California. That said, I'm willing to take whatever, I'm getting hungry enough that my morals are fading. PM me if you're willing to help. Thanks!
Request: I just found this while browsing reddit and I'm in the mood for some pizza today. I'm sick of my noodles right now and pizza sounds awesome. 
IDK what to write here.
[Request]-[Trade] Got a new job, in-between payday's and craving the pie.  Will trade for DOTA2 key
Totally understand I'm not as down in the dumps as some people who post here, but I'm in between jobs, finally leaving the retail environment and would love to celebrate.  Unfortunatly I'm between paydays and can't really do anything.  

Hoping to get a pizza or two and invite some friends over,  I will reimburse you with a DOTA 2 key for each pizza, max of two!
[REQUEST] There's a 3700+ acre fire going on in my town. Would any of you be willing to help me send pizza to the firefighters?
Hi, information about the fire [here.](http://www.nbcbayarea.com/news/local/Morgan-Fire-Near-Mt-Diablo-Chars-1500-Acres-222950261.html)

I'll be stopping by the fire station myself later tonight and will be bringing homemade dishes... I'm thinking probably a few large casseroles or something easy to make in bulk. The thought crossed my mind that this seems like the sort of thing Reddit would love to help with. 

Pizza donations can be sent to the ConFIRE Station #11 at 6500 Center St. in Clayton, CA. The firefighters have been working all day and night since the fire broke out yesterday, and I'm sure they'd appreciate some hot, cheesy slices of pizza! 

To help you out, [here](http://www.yelp.com/search?find_desc=pizza&amp;find_loc=6500+Center+St.%2C+clayton%2C+ca&amp;ns=1&amp;ls=883fdc931eaafb15) is the Yelp page for pizza places near the address. 

Hoping to be able to send at least 4-5 pizzas over there for dinner tonight. Let's make this happen! :)
[REQUEST] Recent graduate and job seeker looking for a free meal.
I just graduated from university and have little disposable income for eating out. I have been in the mood for pizza for a few days now and heard this was the place to come. Thanks! 
[Request] Two students trapped in the library all day working on a final project. Need sustenance!
We're two college students working on a final project that will determine wether we graduate in a couple weeks or not. We're broke and hungry. Please help fuel our academic engines!
[REQUEST] could use a bit of help today.
My friend told me about this and suggested it. I'm recently kicked out and staying with a friend for a while. I literally have less then ten dollars to my name and the last time i ate something was over a day and a half ago. I'm just seeing if anyone could help me out. I'm located in tennessee. Thanks in advance and hopefully someone could help me out
[request] jesus fucking christ i love pizza
I'm not starving, or without income. I'm a little broke right now, but there's definitely food in the pantry. But you know what? It's all healthy food. And fuck that. I just really want a pizza. Or as Dr. Steve Brule would say, a prizza. **It makes me really fucking happy.**
See? Look at this pic of me eating pizza! Look how happy I was in that moment!
http://i.imgur.com/kDS2u.jpg
You, good sir or madame, could make me that happy again. It is within your power! Plus I'd probably take a bunch of photos of myself LOSING MY SHIT over the pizza. It'd be really undignified and manic. 
[Request] Recently had gallbladder removal surgery--craving pizza!
I can provide proof by taking photos of my incisions if need be--only sold one art print which had to go to gas money since I've been out of the hospital..CRAVING PIZZA!!!

Never asked here, so I'm not sure if I'm doing this wrong..but coming out of all that terrible pain and being able to enjoy some pizza would be rad!

Thanks,
Jess
Request Snellville Georgia
It took me some time to figure out where to make this post. My friend Mary has received pizza from here, and told me this is where I should post. I worked with her husband at a distribution center that has closed down, and I am at the point between choosing buying medicine and buying food. I was diagnosed with CHF congestive heart failure and underwent triple bypass surgery last year. Going without my medication is not an option and I'm willing to provide pictures of my empty and nearly empty pill bottles. My son is going to help me with food when he gets paid on the 17th, but I really can't go another night without eating. 
[Request] Scotland, UK - Postgrad student at the end of term, craving a pizza but payday is Monday.
Hello pizza friends,

I'm a UK postgraduate student who's been putting in long hours into her PhD and is getting a mighty craving for a pizza. Unfortunately, I only get paid every four months, and I'm at the end of a pay period so money is very tight.

As my payday is Monday, I intend to pay it forward and send some hungry redditor a pie once the money hits my account.

Additionally, if you feed me, I'll send you a picture of my very cute pet rabbit, being cute. Deal?

Thank you very much!
[Request]Grants Pass, OR Got Laid off work mid December and would appreciate help
I got laid off from my job on December 12th unexpectedly, and have been struggling to get back on my feet ever since. Help with food for a night or two would be really appreciated for me and my SO since I couldnt spoil her like I wanted for christmas.

If nobody can help, I hope everyone has a wonderful day and good luck on all those New Years Resolutions!

Happy Belated New Years


[Request] Sorry for the repost, forgot to tag. Southern California, help a girl out!!
I posted earlier but I forgot to tag it, my boyfriend comes home from work in three hours and we are broke until friday. It would make his night to have pizza!!! 
[Request] Flint USA hungry and broke.
Started school and had to cut back my hours at work, so my paycheck has been a little lacking. Would really appreciate a pizza. 
[Request] My friends a broke student who hasn't eaten for a while now
He's a 20 y/o Canadian. We live in different cities each attending a different uni so we frequently skype and he's always talking about how hungry he is and how he's just dying for some decent food (and pizza happens to be his favourite food). He's pretty broke and is trying to pay off uni tuition so he's saving every penny for it. I'd buy him some but i've only got just enough for myself. If there's someone out there looking to help a broke student out, let me know!
[Request] Pizza for me today, pizza for you Thursday
I just had to slap down two full paychecks for a rental house deposit so this week has been clear out the fridge/freezer time. Unfortunately I've already run out of things to eat. :( I could easily make a medium pizza last me for lunches at work till payday, when I fully intend on returning the favor for anyone else who is in the same temporary bind that I am. Even if I don't get a pizza!

Gotta say I just learned about this subreddit a few days ago and this is an amazing system everyone's got going here. The standup folks outnumber the scumbags by a lot, and I want to jump in and give back to such a giving small community as soon as I'm able.
Requesting pizza for a family of 6
Hi, I am sorry to be here making a request. I am completly out of food stamps and a few days out until I get any cash. I was recently homeless and a friend let me move in with them and my children. It is suppose to be my night to figure out dinner but it is difficult with no food stamps or cash right now. I am in the Massachusettes area and could really use the help right now. Thank you and God Bless
[Request] Got caught dumpster diving
Got caught in the Trader Joes dumpster tonight and was yelled at by the security. Wasn't able to get any food and my fridge is entirely empty 
[REQUEST] really high...need pizza...undamndable munchies!
Hey Reddit, Me and my friends are all pretty high, we're all also now starving, with nothing but frozen mice (for my snake) and coffee in the house we could really use a pizza. We spent all our money on weed, you know how it is. Please empathise with our situation Reddit. Peace!
[Request] I've given here a few times, but haven't ever gotten. I live in the boonies. :(
I'm not sure how I would get a pizza. :( I live near McConnellsburg, Pa. and we have a few local places, but nobody that delivers. I could go pick it up, but I'm not sure how that would work.

It's the day before payday and I'd really like something other than bean and bacon soup for dinner.

I've given in the past and I'll give again this week if I can get some yummies tonight! :)
[REQUEST] Hungry Hotel Staff
My coworker and I unfortunately got stuck with the slowest day in over 3 months with nothing to do for the next 5 hours but stand at the desk in case any guests need our attention, but that becomes less likely the later it gets. Any help to feed our hungry low paid stomachs would be very much appreciated. 
[Request], Arizona USA - Some pizza or something would make my day!
Hi, I'm a new redditor(?). I'm sitting at my friend's house enjoying his A/C, and none of us have any money or food until Friday. He told me about this forum and said he never had any luck, but I think I'm luckier. I don't have a sad story or anything, we're just hungry and poor!

And I'll draw you an epic stick-figure battle if you get us some pizza!
[request] Rochester, NY broke college kid.
Experiencing times of hunger :/
[Request] Texas... Super hungry for Pizza! Anyone want to help a girl out?
I have had few too many things go wrong in the past couple of weeks... Really craving some comfort food! 
[REQUEST] I'm hungover and craving pizza. MN, USA
Pretty self explanatory. No sob story ~~and no priding myself on not having a sob story.~~ Embarrassed myself last night and hoping pizza will soothe the pain.
[Request] out of money til payday in houston
I'm so hungry, I boiled up 2 potatos this morning but that was the last food in the house. Definitely intend on paying the favor forward when I get my check next wednesday.
[Request] NYC broke and would love some pizza tonight
I just paid my rent/utilities today.. which was all of my money. so now I am completely broke until next friday when I get paid
[request] Lonely college student could use a pie for tonight
All my roommates have left for the night to go party...and im home sick, if any of you guy would cheer me up and gift me a pie it would be greatly appreciated
[Request] Don't feel sorry for me.  For you people help unconditionally.
Any sort of pizza would be fucking fantastic tonight for me and my family!  We live in Canton, Michigan.

message for verification code
(Request) 2 Starving Students, Lincoln UK
We havent recieved our student loans yet (which are now two months late) and we are getting a bit sick of bread and pasta. We would really appreciate a dominoes because our overdrafts are nearly gone.

Thanks very much :)
[Request] Washington, USA. Broke, would like pizza.
My debit card overdrew last night, and there's very little to eat here besides rice and corn tortillas. I'll have money on Monday, but I'd like to just eat something with flavor tonight.

Edit: I should have specified, I was hoping for just a cheese pizza from pizza hut or dominos. If you're feeling especially generous, a stuffed crust would be magical.
[Request] It's 2 For the Price of One at Papa John's Today!
I'm a college student in Seattle, WA that is looking for a job, but I'm running super low on funds right now. Papa John's has a buy one get one free today, and that could feed me until friday! I'm totally new on here, but would be so stoked if somebody could help out. If this does work, I will pay it forward, because I don't want the guilt of receiving two free pizzas without helping out somebody else when I can to give me indigestion. I don't think there's a Random Acts of Tums on here anyways.
[Request] Huntington, WV Pregnant and hot and willing to pay a pizza forward tomorrow!
No real sob story. I'm a pregnant high school English teacher and it's the day before payday. We paid all of our bills ahead and are left with 3.73 until tomorrow. If someone felt like feeding hubby and I (and our unborn hobbit), I would gladly offer up a pie tomorrow to someone else!
[REQUEST] Birthday pizza? Middle of Michigan.
My birthday is on July 4th and I was wondering if anyone would be so kind as to get me something to eat. I'm turning 19 this year! Please NO DOMINOS! I recently quit my job there and i would rather not see anyone that works there for a while.

I live 5 minutes away from East Lansing, MI (Close to Michigan State University)
[Request] (Plattsburgh NY USA) Broke college student in desire of a pizza! 
As the title says, Broke. In college. And Hungry. I need to change it up from the dining hall. I would be grateful and once I can, will pass it down!thanks =D
[REQUEST] My bike was stolen today... and I'm unemployed. Quite the Labor Day in North Hollywood, CA 
The bike was chillin' on my back patio behind TWO gates, where I thought it would be fine. I just moved into this place last month to be closer to work... and a week later I got laid off.

My faith in humanity needs restoration, pronto! One little random act of pizza may not seem like much, but it could make all of the difference. 
{request} Hung over and hungry  and broke. would love some pizza 
buddy turned 26 last night. drank far to much because someone else was buying. did far too much drunk texting. and just to add to it. the bar tender did not know how to make a old fashioned and did not have cherrys. i crashed on his floor in his kitchen. and i am broke and in between jobs.  i am in portland oregon and have never asked for a pizza before figured i would try it out 
[REQUEST] Trans broke on my truck, dropped the only extra money I had on that, am now sitting in my apartment truckless, broke, and hungry.
Like I said, just dropped my truck off earlier today at the shop, am spending my last bit of money on that as it's a necessity, but unfortunately, I don't have any food in the apartment as I just got back from house sitting for a week. Can anyone help?
[Request] Went to Lancaster to go to 6 Flags with my Best(kinda girl)friend, but the car broke down so now we're not going. The train and bus ride to Lancaster and going back to Inglewood uses all my $40 (IKR!), so now i'm hungry and depressed.
AMAA, first time.
[Request] Sick of Ramen, would love some pizza-y goodness!
I'm in the US. I'd really appreciate a pizza if anyone is willing. Ramen mixed with vegetables can only taste good for so long. Thanks!
[REQUEST] Columbus, Ohio. Would love some food as I am in the middle of moving in pursuit of employment
First time requesting. I don't really have a sob story. I am also not that poor, and there are probably those who need food more than I do. 

But I have not been able to eat well lately as I have been needing to save money. I am driving to another state that is over 3000 miles away. Recently unemployed and hoping to find a position there. Things are just so uncertain and kind of gloomy for me lately, something like Pizza would definitely cheer me up. Thank you
[Request] I live in northern Maine, and am looking to move downstate. I need to save up some money though, and would really like a pizza!
See above :)
It'll probably take me a while to save up enough money as I don't make a lot. In the meantime, I'm stuck on food stamps and can't really afford a nice, hot pizza. Getting sent one would really be appreciated! :)
[Request] I work in a pizza place and I'm sick of pizza. What I really want is a coupon for a dominos sandwich.
I'm so sick of pizza but I love those little dominos sandwichs. Does any one have a coupon for them? I'm stuck at work and they are $9 delivered. Plus I'm broke. 
Please help I don't want to buy gas station food :(
[Request] Hungry for Pizza, Thought I Was Getting Paid Yesterday but Not Until Tomorrow...Help Me?
Hello, I was just on facebook telling my friend how hungry I was and he sent me the link for this site since he knew I loved pizza. I would normally be having a pizza right now but I didn't get paid like I thought I would yesterday, I'll be getting paid tomorrow. I worked 21 hours to help build a chain-link fence for my friend's father's construction crew (he only needed me for a part-time status). I already ate all the food I got (whole wheat spaghetti with a bottle of paul newman's own spaghetti sauce)

This service seems to work and I would be delighted to help pay it forward once I get paid by offering someone else pizza, too.

I am in Cupertino, CA.

Thanks for your time.

PS I used that verification in the 3rd step on the sidebar.
[REQUEST] Pizza, Wellington, New Zealand...its cold and I've been doing a lot of voluntary work
Which sadly doesnt pay the bills or food, but pads out my resume and makes me not look like a slacker. I was made redundant by my previous employer, and despite sending it out to many places, I still have no work...things are looking up but it just takes time...
[Request] Finally moved out! (up-upstate NY)
Hello, reddit! Long-time lurker, first time poster on reddit!

So at the ripe age of 22, I have finally moved out of my mom's house, and into an apartment with a friend of mine. Rent's been paid, bills are paid, hell, I even just got a job! Unfortunately, all our money has been spent on the aforementioned things, and we're down to rice and ramen in the cupboards until my first paycheck. (She's still trying to find a job). So I came here to petition for a pizza in celebration of our new apartment, new jobs, and hopefully a fresh start! 

In return for a pizza, I would be returning a pizza on the day of my first paycheck (The 27th) to whoever is so kind as to get us one tonight. Hell, I'll give one away either way. I am also not above taking funny pictures with the pizza, attempting some sort of art involving the pizza, or pretty much anything else silly that one might request in return for some of that delicious, cheesy-goodness! 

Thanks for considering me, and I hope you all have a grand evening!
{REQUEST} lunch for the kids and I
Hello everyone. School is out today and I wanted to treat my kids to some pizza for lunch, I heard about this site through my neighbor and figured I could give it a shot. It is not a need , I do have soup for them. I just wanted to surprise them since they work so hard. I just don't have it right now. I am willing to return the pizza happiness next week. Thanks for reading. Have a wonderful day!
[REQUEST] Broke college kid on his birthday
I'm a broke college kid and today is my birthday. Most of my friends are out of town as next week is homecoming and all of my family is 6 hours away. Just looking for some random Pizza to make things better.
Proof: http://imgur.com/0Swi9
Location: Vermillion, South Dakota
[REQUEST] Hungry Sailor in Jacksonville, FL
Hey RAoP....it's a few days before payday and I'm broke. The wife and I recently got married and I've been outfitting the apartment with what we need...she just got a job a few weeks ago and we haven't really splurged on anything. 

Would love some pizza. 
[REQUEST] Oshawa Ontario Canada, Shiesta of final exams 
Lack of time and income limit me to cook or order dinner as I have 3 exams and 3 assignments due in the next 5 days. I am a pizza head by nature and would love to relax and enjoy a delicious pizza while studying! Definitely will pay it forward in the near future!

[Request] texas. Pizza for my kid and me.
I had to take my son to the hospital today for a busted lip and he was such a trooper. I'd like to reward him with his favorite food. Can anyone help us out?
[Request] Kicked out by religious parents.
I'm 18 years old and I graduate this summer from high school. After a heated conversation with my parents I told them that I was an atheist. Being super religious, this did not go over well with them. Instead of loving their child unconditionally, they decided to kick me out of the house. (Thinking back on everything, I probably should have waited till I was in my college dorm later this year).


Anyway, I've been staying in an extra room at a friends house. They're gone for a week and I thought at least try here. A pizza can hold me over for a few days till I can get my small part time job pay check.
[Request]Irvine, CA- Craving some pizza, running low on food
Hey RAOP!
I have been broke for the past few weeks with roughly .30 cents in my bank account and have been eating nothing but rice and noodles for the past week. Would be awesome if I can enjoy a pizza tonight. Thanks!
[Request] Chicago area, just want some food.
I don't really know how to go about saying this but life has been hard for the last couple years what with poor economy, and even poorer job placement, I haven't enjoyed the simple taste of meat and cheese mixed together with sauce and carbs in almost a year. Life really hasn't been right after the military fucked me over for health problems that they caused during service, so if there are any redditor out there with a heart right now, I'm tired of PBJ and just want some good pizza. If no response, I understand.
[Request] hungry and payday is not til Friday (Dallas)
Lost my last 5 dollars last night and don't get paid until Friday :(  Just had my last cup o noodles and a Pizza would rock and/or roll! Much appreciated!
[REQUEST] OK, USA would like a pizza for my birthday
[](/pinkieawe "no.. birthday party??") It's my birthday and I don't get paid until tomorrow. 

I thought it was going to be today, but direct deposit from my husband's new job hasn't kicked in yet so we have to wait for the physical check.

I'm not going to starve without a pizza or anything, in fact I have spaghetti leftovers in the fridge right now. Hubby's at work though and I have nothing to drink in the house other than tapwater and I'm battling a gnarly caffeine headache (tylenol is toning it down a bit but not completely). So if someone could get me a pizza and a 2liter of soda, I could get caught up on My Little Pony on Netflix and have a little pizza party to celebrate getting my new stuffed [Rainbow Dash](http://www.buildabear.com/shopping/productDetail.jsp?productId=prod11020066&amp;selectedParentCategoryId=cat110197&amp;categoryId=cat10760001&amp;dressMeMode=false) tomorrow. 

[](/soawesome "I get to go home with spazure tomorrow?! Is it MY birthday?!?!")
[REQUEST] (Amherst, MA)3 Hungry Bicycle Mechanics! 
The three of us live in a tiny house (dubbed: The Hobbit Hole) and all are bicycle mechanics in the area. Obviously, it is not the most profitable of seasons for us- although I have taken on a job working the door at a local bar (as has another of my roomates), as well as an after school assistant in a town nearby. But Paychecks are two weeks away, and will finally make life easy again! Two of us are finishing getting our degrees. 

It's been a long day, and we Just managed to scrape rent together, but don't really have a great amount of food in the house (save some rice, eggs and oatmeal, that we need to save for the rest of the week and until our next paychecks) 

We Just really want to enjoy a pizza together on a sunday night! 

Thanks RAOP!
[REQUEST] Student in need of Pizza, from Berkshire, UK.
Hey! My mother's AWOL, and I have no money; the oven's broken, and I'm feeling pretty depressed. I don't want to have to eat a bread-and-butter sandwich for dinner again tonight, and I'd really like a random act of pizza.

Would anyone feel kind enough to buy me a pizza/give me a gift card/code? As stated in the title, I'm in the United Kingdom.

Even if not,

I love you, Reddit. Every single one of you.
[Request] My dorm is on lockdown, and I'm going stir crazy! NOVA
Stuck at UMW where we're currently on lockdown because of Irene, and Irene isn't even all that awful here! I've been listening to my roommate sing showtunes for the past four hours. Life is HARD.
[request] texas, hungry college kid. Shorted my overtime so the budget's a bit tight
Dunno how this works really, but I thought I'd try it. Sunflower seeds are getting a bit old, lol.
[REQUEST] Patient Gamer playing through Oblivion in need of pizza
I'm pretty hungry right now and jonesing to get my gaming on this uneventful Saturday night.  Any help would be great!  I'm in the Tucson, AZ area.
[Request] Las Cruces, NM -- Will write for pie
Hiya, I apologize for not really being a part of the reddit community, but I browse from time to time. Please don't hold it against me. Anyways, here's the deal. It's Saturday, I have a little over $5 in my bank account, nothing but roommate chow at the apartment, a flat tire on my bike, and it's so windy and dusty out that the sky is pretty brown right now. 

By trade, I am a freelance writer. Sometimes it pays fabulously, the last few months not so much. But I understand the give-and-take of economy and I'd much rather put something together for you than accept charity. So I'm thinking a page of whatever you want for a medium pizza. Haiku about Thundercats, a love poem for your girlfriend to smooth over the fact that you got really drunk last night, I can get you started on that paper you're putting off, or just the word butt as many times as I can fit on the page. And none of that copy-paste bull crap either, I promise to type each one of those butts individually and by hand.

Maybe you want more than one page. These things happen. And I happen to be able to put away far more pizza than is probably healthy for me. Or I might want mushrooms AND pepperoni. We can work it out.

Just about the only thing I won't write is a signed confession that I was the one who committed that murder the cops are getting closer to solving. Let them figure it out on their own.

If you order a pizza for me, I promise to not only write for you, but will also enjoy said pizza ravenously while playing the video game of your choice, assuming I have it in my collection (odds estimated at 1 in 15). Can provide photo proof of brown sky, flat tire on bike, or other reasonable requests if needed. Will gladly provide gratuitous photo proof of pizza enjoyment if desired.

Thanks RAoP!
[REQUEST] WICHITA, KS- Penniless Duo Seek Circular Sustenance! :(
I was evicted from my home this past monday.. I spent all last week desperately searching for a place to live..  Since I'm disabled, and still waiting for my benefits to start, I knew I could never afford a place for myself.. So I did what most people in my situation would do.. I had faith that between my family and all my friends..  SomeONE.. (I thought there would be many)  would find it in their heart to take me in, even if for just a short time..  After waiting a few days, I realized that no one was going to come to my aid.. So I decided to start asking those who I KNEW would do anything for me.. Or so I thought.. Immediate family turned me away without even a 2nd thought.. Since they were the only ones in my family that had room for me, I had to move on to my good friends.. My best friend lives 4 hours away so that just wasn't an option.. My other best friend AND neighbor would definitely take me in.. I just knew she would!!  She has an empty guest bedroom and everything.. So I asked if she could help me out and let me stay in the guest room for no longer than a month.. Without even pretending to think about it.. She said "I don't have any room for you".. That was it.. I had exhausted all my options.. One day before my eviction I started to plan the best way to be homeless.. I decided to live in my van.... Scary doesn't come close to how I felt, but my fear was deep.... Ring Ring! It's Curtis.. A friend I met thru my best friend.. I knew him and considered him a friend but we didn't know each other very well.. Without hesitation he said that he heard about my situation and wanted to offer me a place on his couch..  I burst into tears.. I was relieved.. But mostly, I was so touched to receive such extreme generosity from someone who is also struggling just as hard as I am!  So here we are at his 1 bedroom apartment.. Trying to figure out how we are going to afford something to eat TONIGHT.. Let alone tomorrow.. But It's 6:52pm and neither of us have eaten today.. I want Curtis to have this pizza cause he deserves it!  Thanks for reading! :)
[Request] I lost my job 1 month ago but start 2 new ones next week. Now I'm starting to run out of food.
Hello, I was thrown through some hoops at my old job, which resulted in me not working for a whole month (without any heads up that i would not be working). I was smart with what money I had left and paid my next months rent and groceries. I am starting to run out of food now and will not be able to purchase any for another week. If anyone would be kind enough to brighten my day with a pizza, I would GREATLY appreciate it and pass on the good deed once I get back on my feet.
[request] Funding for university is taking too long.
Recently I have started back at university for year 2 and my funding application hasn't been processed yet. I have been volunteering with my local charity and although the work is good and I'm getting experience and references and all that, I'm not earning any money. My application probably won't be processed for another two weeks and until it is i'll have no money, and most importantly, no pizza.
[Request] Toronto, Canada. Would totally love to have some pizza to eat.
Hey guys. This is the first time Ive ever posted here. This is my throwaway though and not my actual reddit account.

Anyway I was wondering if someone could hook me up with a pizza? Im 21 years old and on government assistance (I live on my own and go to school). Ive been having a kind of shitty week. It would be pretty cool to have something to eat, as it'll be a couple days before I'll have money.

Thanks.
[Request] - I'm not "poor", I haven't only been eating toast for a month, but I did lose my job and can't afford to buy pizza
I'm just being 100% honest here. I'm not starving, but due to me losing my job and only having enough money to pay bills for 2 months if I don't buy anything, I haven't had pizza in a very long time. I actually moved here from out of state because the job market is better. I am currently living with my parents, at the age of 32. :(
(request) northside ohio Anyone out there to help?
Pregnant with twins and have 3 other lil ones. Fridge went out and landlord wont be able to replace till tuesday. So anything would be a blessing to me and my family right now. Thanks and god bless all!
Request ~ Would love to have a pizza to enjoy with our Family .
We have our son who came to visit and we are so embarrassed as we didnt know and dont have much to pick from. We live on a limited amount of food a week for a family of 3 . So we are asking for a pizza for 4 . We would really enjoy it and would love to sit like old times with our son and talk . I am the only one working as my wife has Lupus and cant work anymore. So living on one pay check is very hard . There is nothing left for a yummy cheese pizza . We havent had a good pizza from Papa johns in ages ! We would really enjoy it for Sundays dinner . Thank you 
/request/ Even United Way couldn't help me!
I haven't worked in weeks and unemployment is taking forever to go through. I ran out of stuff to sell, owe 2 different friends a lot of money, and am in desperate need of food. I rode a bus and walked the rest of the way to a local food bank, they said I needed an appointment. Called to make one, they aren't taking appointments right now, WTF.

So a little while ago I dialed 211 and tried the United Way, they helped my mom a lot when I was little. She got abuse counseling, food, clothes, utilities, everything practically free from them. I told them straight up, I ain't got a car, their exact words were none of my local banks deliver, thanks for calling, click. I called back three times and every time they keep sending me to the same place that already told me no.

Reddit you're my last hope. I saw the story a few months back, didn't need it then but I need it now. When United Way gives you the shaft you know it's bad. If I gotta walk five miles to get it I'll do it, I don't need the exercise but I need food. I feel like I've been walking the desert for a minute and ten hours. Hope there's some love flowing through here today for me. Peace. 

Forgot to mention I'm in Jacksonville, Florida.
[REQUEST] I kinda dun goofed
so. not gonna lie. I've put myself in a bad spot through a combination of bad planning bad, decision-making, and bad luck. Im out of food and currently unemployed. a pizza would be nice instead of ramen. you know how it is, bland food for so long and your just aching for something with flavor. helps keep me from going nuts. my cash is going straight to my rent payment that im really late on. hopefully temp assitance doesn't drag their feet much longer.   also. selling a bunch of stuff to pay bills. comment if interested. will provide pics and stuff.

[Request] Pizza in Boston
I'm as broke as I've ever been and hungry. I'm typically the kind of person who tries to help others so I'm pretty sure I'll pay it forward the first chance I get.

*Laid off, foreclosed, evicted but still optimistic.
[Request] Edinburgh, Scotland. Will record song of your choice on acoustic guitar + vocals!
Low on cash, only have my guitar and my wits. Request any song and I'll try and learn it and record it for you! Don't mind where the pizza comes from but, being a vegan, it can't have cheese or meat on it. Still counts as pizza. I think.
Help me repay the most important person in my life! [Request]
My extremely supportive boyfriend has allowed me to follow my dream, and supports the both of us with his salary. I have a vintage store on Etsy, and within the last year I've found it's truly my passion.

Without a doubt, my boyfriend is one of the most kindhearted and caring people I've ever had the honor of knowing. He gives me support and tells me that my happiness is worth us counting pennies. He allowed me to search for, and find my passion.

We live a life without credit card debt, and choose to pay with things upfront in our daily lives. We pay our bills, but do not have any spending money. We spend every penny simply on our necessities, so much so that we've only been on two real dates in our 10 months of being a couple. 

I would really appreciate any kindness to repay him with a warm and toasty pizza! I can easily verify who I am, and would greatly appreciate and kindness from reddit!

Thank you and have a great weekend everyone!

Edit: My location is in Grand Rapids, Michigan 
[REQUEST] Florida USA.  4 Coasties on watch could use some pizza right now!
Hi guys,


Four members of the USCG are currently on watch and unable to leave our posts for some food. Anyone feeling like making some blue-suiters happy with a couple of pizzas?  It would be greatly appreciated!
[Request] Want to share a pizza with the In Laws in Denver
My awesome Mother In Law always cooks extensive meals for the whole family and I would like to extend some kindness her way. Problem is we're too broke to buy.  Any Takers?
[Request] Kansas, USA; I just found this corner of Reddit, and I've decided to use it to pay back a friend.
I don't have a big long sob story, but I do owe a friend a bit of money for helping me with food a little bit back, and since I found this, what better a way to do it?
[request] Manchester UK, Raging head cold and a final assignment to write.
I'm staying up all night to get a headway on an assignment about soil (duller than dull) which will be one of the last papers I write before I graduate this May with (hopefully) a sparkly lovely degree. Naturally my body has decided I need to suffer and has bestowed me with the finest  mind-numbing-no-breathing-allowed-just-give-up-already head cold it could muster. I refuse to give in! Pizza will be my salvation. 
[Request] Northern Va, USA Please help out some poor college students during finals and the homeless guy crashing on our couch!
Homeless man is a friend who just got kicked out of his house after getting out of rehab (kid has had a really rough year) and my roommates and I don't get paid till tomorrow and we have no food to eat tonight. This is my first post here so not sure what else I'm supposed to say, but if someone could help us out we would be extremely appreciative! Thanks!
[Request (sorta)] Reddit, if you go on facebook and "like" this picture of me "planking" I could win a free pizza buffet!
http://www.facebook.com/InstituteSA/posts/270872372947463

There's the link! If I get the most likes I could win myself a sweet buffet dinner today. Help a fellow redditor out, at no cost to you, a win-win! 

Thanks Guys and Gals! 

EDIT: I'll post pics of me enjoying the buffet with the other winners! 
[Request] Wedding anniversary tomorrow (6/28)
I live near Wichita and the wife and I (and three kids) are on a super tight budget right now.  She would be ecstatic to be surprised with a pizza!
[REQUEST] Miami
Hello, /r/, I am a 19 year old male in sunny Miami who is in a situation that's anything but sunny. I recently lost my job (August 15th was my last day), and I've been living with my mother since the job hunt is not going well. My mom is a 55 year-old who cleans houses for a living, barely able to scrap together the $915 rent, as well as the $220 light bill, $90 cable and internet bill, and our $110 cell phone bill. 

When I had a job, I'd pay for half of everything. Rent, cable, light, and cell phone. We had plenty to eat, and I'd take her out for dinner, and even pay her day's work so she'd have a day to rest.

Now, she pays for everything, and sometimes she works 2-3 jobs every day. I keep going to job interviews, but to no avail. We have no food. We go shopping once a month, but how much can $80 in food last you?

I'm hungry, /r/, I ate my first bit of food for the first time in 2 days today, and it was horrible. 
I long for some good food, and I long for the kindness of strangers.


[REQUEST]- Two ISU students need pizza to go with our beer
We'll just say a cold beer is not the same when it chases a hot piece of pizza
[Request] Laid off Friday afternoon, would love a Pizza today for Dinner.
Howdy!

I was promptly laid off yesterday at 4:45pm and my wife is currently out of town at a wedding. I'm making a grilled cheese sandwich for lunch, but would love a pizza! Whether I get an offer or not, you guys are awesome. Keep up the work!

Edit: I'm in North Carolina
[REQUEST] A pizza please! :)
[Request] In state of profound shock! My debit card company discontinued their 'overdraft' option which, due to extenuating circumstances, I was counting on being able to use till my next paycheck. Currently have ZERO money for food till next weds. A pizza would hold me over till that date for sure!
[REQUEST] NWT, Canada. No money until Wednesday, Pizza would be much appreciated.
I have posted this in what I thought was this subreddit, but it seemed to be an offshoot that's not active (?) it's also at r/randomactsofpizza

if one gets fullfilled i'll make sure to notifiy the other subreddit. I'm in need to last me the next few days.

If I've done anything wrong let me know.

EDIT: If need be, I can and will write a poem about anything you ask.
[Request] Starving artist in Astoria, Queens (NYC) could really use a pizza from the nearest Domino's to help with PMS right about now... :(
Hiya, this is for my friend, not me. She's a freelance makeup artist juggling several part-time gigs and school and she's been having a hard time making ends meet lately. She had an especially shitty day today and I'd love to send her a pizza to cheer her up, but I'm currently unemployed (yay) so I thought maybe Reddit could help me.

**Edit: Oooops, she recently moved to Long Island; I forgot.**
[request] Have been depressed lately with the lack of job.
I'm a decently skilled desktop support/network tech and just haven't had any luck. I've resorted to trying to get my old magazine sales/retention job back. 

A simple pepperoni pie would go a long way.  Even a Papa Murphy take and bake would make my day.  
[REQUEST] hungry for a pie in KY
Just spent my last $10 on food for my fish, and only have $1.92 in my bank account until Friday at midnight. If anyone can spare a pizza pie today, I will gladly pie it forward on Friday when I get paid. 
[Request] My 2 year old son would love some pizza (austin, tx)
My son has been requesting pizza all day and I would love to give it to him, but my husband is at work so I don't have a car to go to walmart to pick up a frozen one with food stamps and we don't have the money to get a pizza delivered.  This is my first time on here and I promise to provide a pizza for someone else on a different day when I can afford it, but for now I am just looking for a pizza.  Thanks
[REQUEST] A pizza for a fellow Canadian in need 
I have been suffering from pretty bad depression and social anxiety over the past 6 months. Ended up dropping out of my last semester of university and quit my job during this time. I just maxed out my credit card on a new prescription, and I am out of even credit now. The bottom line is I have no money to buy any food right now and only have a few cans of beans left. I would love to have a nice hot pizza to get me through the next few days. I am hoping this newest prescription works how it should and I am able to get out and find a job because I would love to play it forward and help out a fellow Redditor in need. I verified my email and also have another account which has a bunch of karma, I just have a few friends on that account and would be too embarrassed for them to find out about my current situation. Thanks in advance for anyone that has taken the time to read this and hope someone can help out. 

Some of the local pizza places are Pizza Pizza, Ginos Pizza, Pizza Hut, Domino's Pizza. Pizza Pizza being the closest. 
[Request] Nanaimo, Canada - My Parents have had the week from hell and could really use a Pizza.
Hey Guys,

My Parents have had a terrible week, and while I would normally buy them dinner at a time like this I'm between paycheques and out of cash.

This week my dad lost his job of 12 years, on top of that yesterday our family Dog passed away (14 years old, so not totally unexpected). They are just really in the "World against us" point of view. They could really use some love from the world at large, and that is where I was hoping ROAP might come in.

If you guys could find a way to send them some saucy cheesy goodness that would be amazing, and come next friday (Payday) I will be passing it on.

Thanks guys!
(request) Anyone able to help out a college girl down on her luck. Roll Tide Roll
After reading some of these posts, it really warms my heart to know there are such great people out there in the world. Figured I'd throw my request out there and see what happens.

I just finished up my junior year at the University of Alabama, I'm double majoring in Marketing and Finance, so I've had to take out a whole lump of loans to pay for everything. My mom and dad help out as much as they can, but I'm the youngest of 4 and they are tapped out at this point.

I'm working as a summer intern at a local law firm, but of course they don't have to pay me anything, so I'm essentially an indentured servant to them :(

But I'll scrape by, I always have, and always will, but if anyone had it in their heart and could manage it, I would love a pizza over the weekend. I've got some girlfriends coming over, and for some reason a wine and pizza night sounds pretty great right now.

Roll Tide

[REQUEST] California, USA - Looking to eat some pizza with my homework
Hey guys,

If someone could hook it up with a pizza while I do some homework that would be awesome.  I'm low on cash cuz I had to buy some school supplies.  I'll be able to get some next week and I will give a pizza out in return.

Thanks
[REQUEST] Just found out about random acts of pizza. Im single father raising 2 kids and im unemployed but looking. So far our current plan for tonight is cereal again.

[REQUEST] College student living alone, no car, no money 'til the 3rd.
Before I begin with why I'd like a pizza, I just want to say that all of you are wonderful human beings for the generosity you show. From the bottom of my heart, thank you. This isn't a sob story, I hope it doesn't come off that way. I understand life gets people down sometimes and mine has been especially hard to me lately. I'm just trying to explain my situation.

I recently got released from the hospital due to a bad bout of pneumonia. My insurance company wanted a deposit of 300 dollars. I'm a student and have my own apartment and support myself completely on my own, so this was a HUGE hit to me. I also just paid rent, my phone bill, internet bill, and some of my tuition for this coming semester, and BARELY scraped by, even though I had been saving all of my money other than that and some groceries.

I'm currently unemployed as well. I had a bicycle but I had to sell it in order to pay my deposit. My disability check does not come until the 3rd of July and I currently have 20 dollars in cash on me to last until then.
I'm going to go buy some ramen noodles and soup mix once it cools down outside. My lungs are bad and it's stressful for me to walk in this kind of heat.

If anyone would like to donate a pizza to me, it would feed me for 3 or 4 days (I'm not a big eater). I only ever eat pizza when my friends have it, so it would not only feed me, but be a real treat for me as well! 
I just have to tell you I am allergic to any kind of mushrooms. Anything other than that, I'm not picky at all.

Thank you so much for reading this, and I hope that soon I am in the position to donate a pizza to somebody else.
[request] Boone, NC. Recent graduate turned townie. Just started part time job, but paycheck is a week away.
Haven't found a real job. Just graduated from Appalachian State University with a double major in Risk Management &amp; Insurance and Economics. Been eating Ramen Noodles for 2 days just ran out. Super broke looking for some delicious pizza. Favorite toppings are pepperoni and pineapple,but would be pumped for anything.
[Request] Stuck in Nowheresville, VA
This has been the worst week of my life.

Monday, my grandmother died.

Tuesday, I spend all day getting affairs in order to go out of town for a few days. Important to note that, on this day, I lose my driver's license.


Wednesday morning, I'm having trouble finding my passport, and I end up making my ride to the airport late for work.


Thursday goes off without a hitch!! Luckily!


Friday, there's a lot of last minute things to do for the funeral this morning. My mom asks me to take her car to go pick up the dress Nana will wear for the funeral. I decide to grab some food while I'm out. When the girl is handing me my food, I drop the bag. Awesome. Love Friday.


Today, immediately after the funeral. I get dropped off at the airport (5 hours away) and go to check in, only to realize I've missed my flight by 4 hours. I just checked into a hotel near the airport. 




I'm just asking for something small. My credit card is under so much stress right now, and I really can't afford to put more money on it without breaking my ability to make a payment this month. 


Also, my nephew used my cell phone this morning, and logged me out. I have no idea what my account's password is until I can look on the computer tomorrow morning. I'd be happy to provide some other verification though.
[Request] Hungover and broke in Brooklyn and would love a pizza. If this works I plan on paying it forward Friday.
I'm broke till next Friday, but I'm in such a need of a pizza right now!  No sob story here; I have food at my apartment, but I don't think any of it is gonna hit the spot like a nice slice right about now.  And I really want something to help with hangover right now.

If this works I plan on paying forward Friday.  If you wanted to determine the criteria for the pizza I give away I would be game for that!
[Request] Moved back home, Unemployed 2 months. Waiting to see what happens with a great opportunity. But sure could go for some cheese.
So I moved back home to Southeastern WI at the start of March when I could not find a new job. As soon as I got home a friend resigned and recommended me for his position. I'm just waiting for them to decide what to do with the position.

In the mean time I sure could go for some cheese. Especially tonight. Want a sob story? How about this. I bought myself a $6.00 block of cheese last week. Made two sandwiches from it and then my dad ate the rest. In one sitting. 
[REQUEST] Won a free pizza, but never got it.
I won my first free pizza from here the other day, but the person couldn't get any of the gift cards to go through. I was really dissapointed, so I though maybe another kind soul could cheer me up. I can give you proof of the situation as well, in case you don't believe me.
[Request] Anchorage, AK - Just got a job, don't get paid until the fifth.
Been hungry since the day before yesterday. Just got a job washing dishes at a nice restaurant. No money until the fifth. I have to walk about a mile and a half to work, so any food is good food.  Had some pretty severe back injuries from 2009 hold me up all year in 2010, 200 pounds of insulation fell on top of my head. I would sure appreciate it.
[Request] Hungry and Broke College Girl
I'm a 21 year old Boston college student and my bank account is overdrawn until Monday. I've been living on ramen noodles and some old brownies I made last week. A pizza would really help get me through the weekend! 

I can pay it forward (or back! if you prefer) on Monday when I get my check!

Thanks in advance to whoever can help! 
Request: New York, USA. Would really appreciate some pizza (both gluten free and regular)
Hello, I'm new to this subbreddit and I'm not exactly sure how this works. Essentially, I'm a broke college student with classes starting this Tuesday. I would like to get pizza for my family tonight just to be nice, but I can't afford it with the cost of books. 3/5 people in my family have celiac disease and cannot have regular pizza without doing serious damage to their body. 
[Request] Two Ohio twentysomethings in love and hungry :(
**UPDATE: Pizza received and VERY much enjoyed. Thank you so much, Coldheat!**

It's been a long long road to hunger, money's been tight for a few months and we finally hit a wall. Out of Ramen, out of leftover Manwich, even the ice cubes have been vanquished. We have quite the family to feed with two [Guinea](http://i.imgur.com/RIwMP.jpg) [Pigs](http://i.imgur.com/TOBup.jpg) and our beloved [King](http://i.imgur.com/FlkmM.jpg) [Keith](http://i.imgur.com/I3tjM.jpg), and their food took priority this week :/ Will GLADLY repay the tasty favor (to you or another in need) in a few weeks when money gets back on track.  

We're barely 200 pounds put together and a $10 large would feed us for days.  

**TL;DR: Broke couple with well-fed pets needs some pizza in a pinch.**

 
[REQUEST] Minneapolis here, would love to have my favorite pizza after a summer of working hard toward my career at an internship with no pay.
Topperstix with pizza sauce from Toppers. I long for its taste.
(Request) Kind of a sobstory, but here goes
Well, here goes. I'm a 19 year old male student, living with my dad. He left for a hiking trip to Costa Rico. He left me some money to go grocery shopping, which I deposited into my bank account. Unfortunately, I lost my wallet 3 days ago, which had my debit card in it, and can not go grocery shopping. I contacted my bank the day after I lost my wallet, and they said that my new one should arrive in the mail on Monday. I have eaten all of the edible food in my house, and am now kinda stuck. If there are any kind souls out there that can help, I will gladly pay it forward ASAP.
[Request] Payday's not till Monday...
I just started one of those awesome jobs where you only get paid once a month. It's been a bitch not being able to claim unemployment the last few weeks and currently have [less than adequate funds.](http://i.imgur.com/ls8TW.jpg) Anyone willing to help a guy out? Pretty much been living on ramen and toaster shakens that last couple days.
[REQUEST] Just moved to Manhattan, will draw small portrait illustration for some famous NYC pie.
Just moved to the city from Austin, TX. Haven't started work yet, willing to illustrate for pizza.

Examples of my work: http://www.seanmatthewleary.com/Site/Portfolio/Pages/Illustration.html

[request] My friend moved to Flagstaff, AZ recently, has 14 dollars for 2 weeks, lives out of car
He moved from Indiana to Flagstaff, AZ about two weeks ago, however while driving down to Flagstaff, his car broke down about 100 miles outside of town. So he had to spend all of his money on towing and repairs. He told me yesterday he has never been more hungry in his life and that things aren't going very well for him. Unfortunately, I don't have money to send him an e-card, but I figure some good hearted person on randomactsofpizza (didn't have any luck on the other randomactsofpizza) can help him out. Message me and I will provide his e-mail address for you! Also please pay no mind to my ironically named account, I made it two years ago! I will be very grateful for your kindness and he most certainly will as well!
[Request] 23 year old so broke its not even funny.
I am 23 years old and bought a house 6 days after my 21st birthday. My bills are $1823.61, I make $1800 a month. That is my basic utilities and a cell phone. I have no internet or cable. 

I am a vegetarian and eat no meat (or fish). 

Anyone that could help I would appreciate it.
[Request] IA, USA - Me and my 2 girls are looking to enjoy a pizza tonight. Could you help us out?
I'm exhausted from this week, and I'll be honest, I don't want to cook. My kids have played their little hearts out today and we're all in agreement that a pizza would really hit the spot (and really, when could it not?) They go out to their dad's house all next week and this would be a great close to the busy, hot week. Can you help us out?
[REQUEST]Help a pregnant college student 
Hello, my name is Lauren I'm a 21 year old pregnant college student studying for her finals in psychology. I was not fortunate enough to have parents who can help me financially. Anyone who lives in New York knows that monthly metro cards are $104. My paycheck went to that and my cell phone bill. If there is anyone who can help me by purchasing a pizza so I can have some fuel to study for my exams. I attend school in manhattan New York
[REQUEST] New Hampshire US roommates would greatly appreciate a pizza samiritan tonight.
What's up ROAP? Two twenty-something dudes from NH and MA trying to get down on some pizza tonight and watch a movie or two, but we're both dead broke from rent and car payments :( A Random Act of Pizza would be HEAVENLY! 
[Request Ireland] I have been looking for a job now all year and have not even got a call for an interview
I am really depressed, job seeking not going so well. I am sick of eating sandwiches and rice (but happy to be eating something). I know this is a bit of a long shot but I would love a pizza
[Request] Hangin with my friend tonight, would like a pizza.
Just started working yesterday and I'm tireeeeeeeeed. It'd be cool to kick back with my friend and eat some pizza. I don't have a sob story, sorry.

Thanks! :)
[Request] my AC is d-e-a-d in SoFla :/
I cannot stand the idea of turning on the oven and heating the house more, and I'm low on groceries anyway. 

If anyone could help out, my boyfriend, son, and I would greatly appreciate it!
[Request] Please sir (miss). Might we have a pizza?
Hi fellow pizza lovers. I stumbled across this subreddit at work today, and holy wow. This is the best thing I've seen in awhile.
My boyfriend and I are both government workers who just bought a house. A house, you say! Why, you are a plethora of good tidings and joy! Well, while that is true, we are also supremely poor because of it. We've been saving for a long time to acquire this house, and while it rules, we haven't purchased anything awesome for a long, long time (and will continue on this path until either magic or raises happen. I, personally, have my eyes on magic). Spaghetti (cheapest. food. ever. still delicious. how does it happen?) every night and PB &amp; J every afternoon. I'm not complaining. Definitely used to it at this point. We just miss pizza! We miss it so!
Regardless of the outcome of this request, I still think this is the coolest idea in the world, and hope that many might profit from its supreme and magnanimous awesomeness. Oh yeah! We're in Pittsburgh, PA
[Request]My mother and I are starving, could you please help this night be easier on us.
Im 27 and still living with my mom. I stay with her to help her through her pain and her work, she doesn't really have anyone else so I feel obligated to be here for now. My paycheck alone is going entirely to bills, medication, gas(which is killing me), other.. The one good thing is that the little money I do manage to save is going to my community college, so I am getting an education with the free time i have.. Regardless of all of that, there is nothing in my house to eat right now, and I am starving. Could you please help? It would mean the world to me and my mother right now, and it would definitely take care of 1 problem for tonight.

edit: General location- Rowlett, Texas
[Request] Hungry actor in Queens, NY
Hey fellow RAoP'ers
Just paid rent and am low on cash. I would highly appreciate a pizza and it would definitely help this weekend!
Thank you for your time and consideration.
[Request] Birthday Pizza! Phoenix
Hi guys, tomorrow is my birthday and I would REALLY love some pizza after a long day of classes. Any offer would be greatly appreciated! 
{REQUEST] LINDENWALD, OHIO FOR A FAMILY
I have asked once and I deleted it due to comments that where made. A nice person wrote me and told me this is called trolling and to post again. I need help feeding a family of six tonight. Could anyone possibly help me with a couple of large pizzas and maybe something cold to drink. As god as my witness when i am able to I will return the favor. Either way God Bless and please pray for our family prays move mountains
[Request] I will draw you any image you desire!
 Just found out my girlfriend is pregnant, and today her tonsil was swollen up like a bloody golf ball. We haven't eaten anything but peanut butter and jelly tacos since Monday (we've been spending it all on doctor's visits.) I will draw you any image of your choosing, and pay it forward or back as soon as I'm paid!
[REQUEST] - Florida USA Had my wallet stolen today, very depressed.
First time on Random Acts of Pizza, my wallet was stolen out of my car today and I am in a very miserable mood.  I am hungry and if someone would be so kind to give me a random act of pizza I would be very grateful.  In the future when I am in a more financially stable position I will remember the generosity and pass on the good deeds. BTW I &lt;3 Dominos pizza. Thanks!
[Request] Flat broke student would love a pizza. Lexington, KY
I got hit with some unexpected bills this paycheck, and don't have the funds for food right now. A pizza would last me two or three days, so I'm swallowing my pride and posting here. I can return the favor in a few weeks!

[Request] Payday delayed due to Labor Day.
Hey my payday has been delayed due to the holiday so I was hoping to get some pizza to help me hold over until it comes in. Thanks. 
[REQUEST] Cold and hungry in Dunedin, New Zealand...
I don't have much in the cupboards, I have no transport and it's pouring down with rain that won't stop for a few days... A Random Act of Pizza would be like a blessing from above! (geographically speaking, America appears to be 'above' New Zealand on the world map :P)
[Request] Melbourne Australia - Broke and Unemployed
Hey all,

Figured I would give this a go. 

I'm Broke and currently looking for work, I don't have ANY food in the house (I finished the last of it last night, tomato sauce sandwich woot!) and haven't had anything today bar coffee and water :(

So yeah, hurts me to do this but anyone feel like shouting me a pizza? There would be much love!!!
[request] heard a story about this site and promptly dropped my jaw
hey! so i'm hoping someone can help this college student from the north shore of Massachusetts that just returned home to a family with far greater concerns than sticking pizza down my throat. I'm looking for jobs but no luck, per usual, and i'm hoping someone on here is willing to give me something to put in the win column seeing as it's been a while since I've been able to do so.

My email is 5yardfacemask@gmail.com

Thanks for existing everyone that is in this community :)
[request] broke san jose student could really use a pizza!
No food in my house and I have to go to swimming in 3 hours.. a pizza would really be awesome! I'll pay it forward someday :)
[Request] It's freaking hot outside, would like a hot pizza inside!
Central Missouri, USA.  
The current temp is 105. On the upside I got a potential job offer today! It only took about three months, too! :p !!

I would love some pizza tonight to restore some semblance of normalcy to my life... and after a lot of walking today, the idea of turning on the stove top to make rice again seems depressing.

A haiku to commemorate the day:

Eggs on car hoods fry  
Pavement seems a bit sticky  
Worth it, job offer.
[Request] North Carolina have no money, or food I would really be thankful for a pizza.
Hello I posted last night but forgot to put the proper tags. yesterday I had to spend a weeks pay getting my car fixed, there is no food in the house, i've had a cheese sandwich and four peanut butter crackers since yesterday.
[REQUEST] Pizza for tomorrow - UK
I know, I know, I only just registered so I must be lying. Hopefully someone can not prejudge me and possibly believe me. 

Anyway... I heard about this site from one of my online friends, who is in a similar financial situation as me. I was supposed to be paid on Monday, however due to some issues with my bank I haven't been paid and am not really sure when I will be paid. This leaves me with a current balance of £2.36 on my debit card (I can provide proof). I ate the last of my food tonight, so I was hoping to get a pizza from here tomorrow. If any more information is needed then feel free and I will post on here or over PM.

Thanks in advance everyone.
[Request] Bagram Air Field, Afghanistan.
Self explanatory. Sending all money home, have used this months allowance for work stuff. My next day off is Tuesday. Let's hang out at the Pizza Hut and share a pizza (that you bought)!
[REQUEST]Broke lost job could use a pizza for family
lost job  starting new one  soon  but  need   somthing for now intill i  get money in a day  or so   live in waynesburg PA

[Request] Hubby's 21st b-day! He wants pizza! [Florida]
Goes great with Jack Daniels! :)
request myrtle beach ,sc: in dire need of some sort of comfort i lost my job a month ago haven't being able to find another one have three brothers
please i need some sort of help from somebody with a kind heart i lost my job a month ago i was struggling as it is i'm late on the rent again and don't know when will i be able to pay it or even if i'm going to be able do it i request for a pizza not for me but for my 3 little brothers that have been eating ramen noodles for 2 weeks now and it would really brighten their day if somebody was kind enough to offer us a pizza i thank you in advance and god bless
[REQUEST] Hungry student in bad situation
I don't want to post from my main, but I've been a redditor for some time now. I live with my boyfriend and roommate, and both are in between jobs right now. I've known my roommate since high school and I know that if I ask them to leave, they will have nowhere else to go. I'd love to have a roommate or boyfriend for that matter that doesn't stress me out and put so much pressure on me when it comes to money. I should actually be saying MY MONEY, but I never get to see any of it. My income goes straight to bills and food. 

I am coming to a point where I no longer see both of the people that I live with as just having a hard time. They've been unemployed since February and June, and I've been paying for everything for months. I really can't take it anymore. I can't even put away enough money to take a trip to get away from everything and everyone. Between work and school, I am really at my limit.

I'm hoping that another redditor who has been here before in this situation will help me with something other than canned vegetables for dinner (pretty please? :D). I would love a pizza and it would pretty much make my entire year, because this would be the only nice thing I've gotten. If someone is able to help, you would be a hero! I should also mention that I'm in NYC (Brooklyn stand up!). 
(Request) a pizza would really be appreciated over here in Fairfax, VA
Today, has been a shitty day, starting out with me falling asleep during an exam and not even answering 25-30 of the 96 questions after studying for most of the night, becoming ill shortly afterwards and missing my crew practice today due to the fact I missed the shuttle between campuses at 12:00 and missed the carpool for my crew team. On said shuttle I took at 1:00, I left my iPod. Here I sit hoping someone will contact me saying they have it. So ROAP'ers can y'all please brighten my day with a pizza?
[REQUEST] Bit tight on cash, but more for a laugh. UK. 
Hi guys! 

I'm a student,  typically strapped for cash, and thought I'd give this a go. Me and my girlfriend would love a pizza but we're a bit down on funds. 

Will return the favour when I next get paid,  or my student loan comes through! Will also do anything in return like draw a picture,  or anything. :D 

In Stoke, UK. 
[REQUEST] Starving student from Dunedin, NZ!
Hey there guys I was just flicking through random subreddits and I stumbled on this! Well you probably get starving students all the time I guess. I'm a second year at Otago uni but I'm still only 17, meaning I live on the unsupported child benefit instead of the Student Allowance. After rent and power I have 70$ per week to live on (that's NZD too); the thing is I brought two 16$ posters for my room in my new flat (kinda a mistake) and now I'm kinda starving. Been eating nothing but noodles and these cheap (disgusting) beef patties all week. 

So yeah I'd appreciate a pizza SO MUCH! I'd be willing to post a funny pic or whatever if that's what people usually do here? cheers guys!
[Request] What can I say, I'm going to jail. 
drugs. i fucked up, and will probably be punished for the rest of my employable life. 

EDIT 8/1/12: [help a brother](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXxOU49TVKA) enjoy a few little things.

edit 8/2/12: ;/
How do I respond to a request? 
Ok maybe it's because I only slept 3 hours, but after reading the sidebar I can't for the life of me figure out how to respond to a request. Help?
[Request] Cordova, Tennessee Got home from school, no money and no food to eat in the house
Hey, first time posting in this subreddit. There is not really anything to eat in my house and I am starving. Maybe I could get a fairly sizeable pizza? Anything you can give is much appreciated, thanks!
[Request] Not having a terrible day but I am pretty hungry. 
Probably a long shot. But I worked a long 10 hour shift and came home to an empty refrigerator. I can pay you back Tuesday. I can give you bank statements and my phone number.
[Request] KY, USA new to Reddit and am possibly confused O.o
http://www.reddit.com/r/RandomActsOfPizza/comments/x1c26/request_negative_in_the_bank_and_got_nothin/
Posted here too, Ive been lurking for a bit on Reddit but guess I dont have it down as much as I thought haha. It's such a big place!!

[Request] Nothing in the fridge, no money, no pay until Friday morning. If some good person can help me out I'll pay it forward on Friday times 2!

[Request] TX - Need food and craving pizza.
The only thing we have left is a pack of ramen without the flavor packet. Payday isn't for awhile and we're at a major bump in the economic road anyway. Just need something to tide us over till we can get to the food pantry.
[REQUEST] Arizona could really use a stress pie.
Starting a new job Monday but I'm on my bum until then. Friend told me to try here. Could anyone possibly send some deliciousness to me tonight?
Hey - When requesting a pizza, stop with the trend of mentioning you are a 'cute girl'..
I am starting to see a trend of some of these new accounts try and play the 'I am a cute female on the internet' card. I sit here contemplating sending someone a pizza, but notice more and more potential manipulation and then change my mind.

This is random acts of pizza, and honestly the person who gets a pizza from me is not going to be someone trying to get some free stuff this way.
[Request] Home from work and tired in Henderson NV.
I just got home from work, and im broke, not even one dollar in my wallet. Im not looking for much, just enough to get me by till Sunday. I thank you all in advance
[Request] Injured athlete and unemployed.
**UPDATE**

[Pizza Received](http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6159/6233102156_02e71819cf_b.jpg)

At home on Sunday night and every other night after sunday, and spent the weekend limping around around house with a torn MCL. I am also an unemployed college grad who has been eating frugal and healthy for a long time. Would love a nice warm tasty pizza.

Will pay it back when employed.

Sacramento, Ca
[REQUEST] Will Trade Movie Cash for Dinner
Long time reader, first time poster.  Forgive me if there's a better place for this, but I thought I'd try here.

I'm a divorced dad with limited funds.  The ex is remarried and in a better financial place.  Not trying to compete with her, but I hate always telling the kids we can't go out to eat.  I have $60 in Fandango cash that I basically have nothing to do with right now.  The kids and I have seen what we're going to see until the summer, and I figured maybe I could trade it for a gift card somewhere.  As I said, I've followed this site for a long time, but I've always been too proud to ask for help.  This way I figure I'm not taking a handout.  What I'm hoping is to get 2 $25 gift cards, and I would give $30 in movie cash for each one.  If you're not familiar with Fandango cash, you can use it at any theater that accepts fandango, and it never expires.  You can look on Fandango.com for more info.  

I know there are a lot of great people on here, and I'm hoping some of them would enjoy going to the movies :)

Have a great day!
[Request] Gonna be homeless again Wednesday and craving a pizza.
Hey, lets just throw some info out here first, im 16 and dont live with my father and am going to meet my mother next month, and i currently have no money and no food and i have a MAAAAD craving for some pizza. 
So if someone would give me a random act of pizza before im homeless it would be much appreciated and i would give just as much back to the board when everything is stabilized again.
Thanks in advance, even if you dont. 

*Edit* Also, i live in Ontario Canada if that helps any.
[REQUEST] [US-VA] My sister really needs the help
Pizza could mean a meal for my sister her family

My sister recently has had a string of bad happenings, Both of our grandmothers just died and her Car broke down on the way to the funerals (~500mi)... Its been very tough and we recently went over her financial standing and she averages -120 a month (more if you include her hospital bill that she dosn't pay)-- but Money aside what she needs most is food especially for her daughter(12) and step daughter(17). Thats what she really cares about..

She recently gained full custody of her daughter, the father sat in jail for the first 9 years of his daughter's life.. then upon regaining his freedom sought to take her away to montana, over 2,000 miles away. An ex-con with a new lawyer girlfriend and a seedy past of child abuse with his other offspring.. luckily she won that- but with that came a nice sized loan for her own lawyer

She's been denied by assistance and by the local food bank- she make JUST over the line for too much

Canned Goods, Cereal, Lunch items for school or anything else

I, her younger sister, am a designer (the starving artist) I gave her what i could of my savings to keep her in her apartment, but now i'm reaching out to the Web- She has pizza hut and papa johns by her home or  I can trade work for pizza/favors

Thank you for your time

-R

TLDR: Sister is desperately behind and needs help, especially with food for her 2 daughters
[REQUEST] - By myself on Christmas and broke. Can a redditor help me out?
I'll pay it forward ASAP... (Friday, when I get paid.) Snowy Chicago isn't very pretty on an empty stomach.
[request] trade a drawing for pizza in Chicago?

[Request] New job no paycheck for 2 weeks, 2 cans of soup left, Victoria BC (a TIL inside because it is what I have)
I live in Victoria BC so it can't be papa john's or stuff like that... we have pizza hut and domino's and uhh.. panagopolous... also i have no digital camera unfortunately to show you how pathetic I look.

I'm sure there are tons of empty promises to be found in these pages but I will buy someone else a pizza(or two) when I get my second paycheck.

This is my longterm account so you can harass me and badmouth me if I don't do it (check my profile if you must but please don't read my messages... a lot of them get downvotes and I wouldn't want you to think less of me).

I don't have children and I will not starve to death without a pizza tonight.

Here's the TIL: it's a neato QM experiment
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elitzur%E2%80%93Vaidman_bomb_tester
[Request] VA, Just paid rent. My food choices have been boring and cheap. Pizza would be less boring.
Just feel like something I don't have to make myself! Never requested before, but been watching this place for a long time. I want to pay it forward in the future.

Edit: I thought, "Man, I don't have anything to exchange." But I do! I will happily draw you anything you request. 
[Request]Work deadlines + weekend = Fail
First world problems here, nothing major.

Short story, I am working on two competing projects within one company (doesn't make sense to me either) and I have tight deadlines on both.  So that means I get to work this weekend in order to even come close to meeting the deadline.  Who wants to cheer me up?  If nobody, that's cool too.
[Request] Rochester, NY
My friends and I are studying for the finals right now and I thought it would be nice to surprise them with a pizza - to show my gratitude because we have been studying together for three nights in a row but I don't have any cash with me right now. So help me out?
We all like cheese by the way.
[Request] Houston Tx Hungry Beer Merchandiser
Just got off a 14 hour day courtesy of the holiday weekend, and my wife is at my sisters house for her baby shower. New appartment, so no food i know how to cook, and she is still waitin on a transfer to the local kroger so we've been short her check for two weeks.

I figure someone out in the houston area that enjoy's their beer wouldn't mind helping out a hungry guy who spent all day filling up shelves with budweiser to keep all you drunks out there happy :)


[Request] Pizza for my Toddler Son &amp; I
Hey All! I've been struggling financially the past month due to some major medical bills. I am a single mom to a 3 yr old son and right now don't have much more than canned vegetables &amp; box of pasta. It would mean so much if I could surprise my son with a pizza as he's been eating the same "create a meal from whatever I have around the house" for the past week. Tonight he asked for something different, I told him we couldn't do it, and I remembered seeing this subreddit awhile back and thought I'd give it a try. I will return the favor as soon as I'm back on my feet financially. Thank you so much!
[Request] North Suburbs, Minneapolis, MN. Dad trying to surprise the family with pizza!
We have had a really rough week. The stress and expense has wiped us all out emotionally and financially. I would be so happy if we could enjoy the last day of the weekend together. We are to broke to go out or order in. We can't celebrate Saint Paddy's Day, and I want to bring a smile to everyone's face. Can you help us with some pizza?

PS I know I don't have a lot of activity, I usually just read everything and don't post, but I have been a long time lurker on Reddit. 
[Request] Central Florida, Student waiting for finaid to come in.
  I've currently had a series of shitty things happen to me over the course of two weeks, and it's not been looking good atm.  This month has been pretty tough without finaid. I had to come up with rent from frantically borrowing from friends or get evicted from my apartment.  Leaving me with a negative balance in my account as of now and I would really love a hot meal.  
[REQUEST] Austin, TX  Barely making rent, happy but hungry. 
Posting from my phone (contract expires next Wednesday) as we have no wifi. Girlfriend and I met on the Internet, have been in a long-distance relationship (with monthly visits) for ten months. Just moved into a new apartment with her last week. I'm the happiest I've been in a long time, but we are pretty tight on money. I'm job-hunting, she works at a minimum wage fast food restaurant (she brings food back from her job, which is how we eat right now). A pizza or two would be nice if anyone has a few extra bucks lying around. We can handle the delivery guy's tip. Thanks. 
[Request] West Palm Beach, Florida. I just realized I spent my last $20 on a birthday present for my nephew. I'll have lunch provided to me at work tomorrow, but tonight I've go an empty fridge.
My autistic nephew had his 15th birthday yesterday. I bought him some Dora The Explorer DVDs for him.

 On my way home from work I stopped by Walmart to grab a frozen pizza but was declined at the register. 

There's a Soul Food fund raiser at work tomorrow where I can eat, and then I get paid on Thursday. However tonight I've got nothing.

I'm requesting just a basic pizza to eat tonight with some slices I can save for breakfast. Since I get paid on Thursday I can totally pay it forward. It would really help me out guys, and I'd really like to return the favor. 

Thanks for taking the time to read this. And my nephew loved the DVDs. His sister looks like Dora, so he gets very excited when watching them since he cant live with his 'real' family. He's a former student of my sister who took him in from his parents who couldn't take care of him. Long story, but I don't mind answering any questions about it. 
[REQ] Will sing for a pie!! In florida.
So, I know it's late right now, 12:58am to be exact (in my timezone at least) but I'm craving a pizza and wanted to know whether or not anyone would be willing to gift a pizza n wings and I will sing whatever song you want!! It's with a webcam though so I'm sorry if it's crap quality, but I will definitely do it!! :) 

seriously.
[Request]  Desperate need of some food
My husband and I are down on our luck and have recently maxed out our CC's buying food, he's unemployed and myself a mother to be, times are rough, but we know they will get better. He's to humble to ever ask so i've snuck off to ask this in the other room

Thanks for any help RAOP

-A hungry family to be


[REQUEST]  hungry broke and willing to pizza it forward TX
ive asked yesterday and got nothing and i just need something for today for dinner im willing to pizza it forward 
[REQUEST] Not the most unfortunate here, but if possible I'd appreciate a pizza
My dad, my mom, my sister and I live together in a basement apartment with a family upstairs, so we're not the most fortunate either but it seems like other people may need a pizza more so by all means give it them if you want. We get a pizza on Saturdays, my mom doesn't make that much and it'd be cool if I could effectively make it free.

I live in Ontario, Canada. =)
[Request] In need of food to last me till I have money, some pizza would be nice. 
Copy pasting my post I made in /r/RandomActsOfPizza before I realized there was this sub. Figure I'll have a better shot here based on subscriber totals. 

&gt;Just used everything I have to pay off my overdue rent, as well as this months, and I'm left with nothing for groceries and like four uncooked burger patties and a small Tupperware container of rice left.

&gt;I'm waiting on a friend who is out of town to come back to give me money he owes me so I can go grocery shopping, but... I've no idea when that'll be. I could really use some pizza when said burgers and rice runs out to help stave off hunger for a while. It'd be very, very much appreciated.
[REQUEST] My TV stopped working right before the airing of one of the last episodes of my favorite show. I would really like a pizza.
I'm a big fan of The Walking Dead and today was the last episode before the season finale. I hope I get the TV fixed  before Doctor Who! If someone would send a pizza, I'd be very greatfull. Also, payday is next week, so I can pay for someones pizza then.
[Request] North Carolina: Hungry, struggling musician hoping for a delicious pizza.
Tourist season is over so my band has no more gigs and I have no more money.  All I've got in my fridge is condiments and I'm basically dirt broke.  I've applied for 3 jobs already but haven't heard anything back.  A pizza would be greatly appreciated and brighten my day.  
[Request] Need help buying gift card for a USA user from the UK
Held a contest for a pizza/gift card 
http://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/comments/13mkvq/offer_make_me_laugh_get_pizza/

BestDLine won and he wanted a Dominoes so I have gone to buy him a gift card but the website (after putting in my details) rejects my card and says "We currently only support U.S. customers."

Anyway round this? Or advice on what to do 
Thanks
[REQUEST] Pizza for a stressful summer
Studying and stressed for a class I am going to fail anyways, won't be able to graduate on time and moving in 3 days (i.e. no groceries). A pizza would be a comforting thing and a very tasteful distraction.
[Request] Not a sob story, just really hungry.
I just moved to New York City and started my new job. I get paid my very first check on friday but I currently have no money in my bank account, so I'm not sure what to do until then. Figured I would try this out. Cool idea regardless, I can't wait to pay it forward!  

[REQUEST]  I haven't eaten anything besides salad dressing in 2 days.
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/CKvGE)

I never thought I would be in this position, I usually tough out times like these when money is scarce and survive on Ramen and bread.  Alas I don't even have money for that.  Due to my hours at work getting cut (I make minimum wage at a bowling alley) and just having paid rent I'm looking at 2 weeks with no food or Ramen if I'm luckily enough to find some change in the parking lot at work.  

How did I get into this position one might ask, well here is a brief backstory.  I moved out here to Arizona from Ohio to try and get clean from a 7 year hardcore heroin addiction that cost me my own business (I used to own a pizza shop ironically) my girlfriend her life (She overdosed and died in bed next to me last year) and of course I couldn't pay for school while still on drugs and found myself on the streets.  I've worked so hard to finally get a job, albeit its meager and they are doing everything in their power to keep payroll costs as low as possible, and stay clean.  Due to the state being broke I don't qualify for food stamps since I can afford my rent ( although BARELY) that seems to be the biggest deciding factor on whether or not I can get assistance.  I don't have any family as both my father and mother have passed away and both were adopted and had no siblings.  I just don't know what to do and am beyond depressed and fed up with life.  I work so hard and I can't even afford to feed my dog, let alone myself.  I just can't take it anymore, so I finally decided to actually ask reddit for help.  I would give anything just to not be hungry for one night.  If anybody out there is feeling generous, I don't know what I can do in return other than thank you daily for the next few months straight.  

About to give up on life,

Publius0

(Yes I could sell my computer, but its worth MAYBE $25-50 at a pawn shop if they would even take a 11 year old dell with a cracked screen, taped together powercord and missing keys :/)
[Request] New Apartment, Empty Fridge, Broken Car in Washington State
Me and my girlfriend of three years just moved into our first apartment together, a little one bedroom in a small college town. We're both students and employed, but the move has proven costly. 

We don't have any food in our fridge and my car broke down earlier today while I was moving stuff to our apartment. 

Any random act of pizza would not only cure our hunger but would also make my day ten times better. 

[Fridge Proof](http://imgur.com/QQ446)

Thanks for reading :)
[Request] Broke Chicago student kicked out of his home early from winter break...
My dad has been battling problems both with money and with alcoholism, and when I tried to mention it to him, he misconstrued it and went somewhat berserk. I left home the next day (yesterday) and returned to Chicago several days before the dorms reopen. One of my friends was gracious enough to let me stay in her apartment, but I feel really guilty about both using her utilities and stealing her food.

I was just wondering if anyone would be kind enough to lend me a pizza that I can spread out over the next couple days. I went job hunting today and plan to spend the rest of the evening filling out applications, so I promise that I will return the favor as soon as I have enough money. Thank you!
Request in the UK - No sob story, I'm just really high
Anyone generous enough? :)
[REQUEST] Going through some stuff, a simple pizza would be great.
My gf of 4 years and I just broke up and i'm trying to do any random thing that might help slowly fill the void. Unfortunately I was unprepared for this and it has cost me quite a bit already. If someone could get me even just a small pizza to munch on while I continue to pack up her things from my room, i'd be eternally grateful and return the favor to either you or some other unlucky pizza redditor come pay day.
[Request] 3 students working on a project all night
Hi everyone,

Me and my group members have a big project due in tomorrow at 4 p.m. which of course means we're going to be up all through the night finishing it, and would love some pizza to help keep us going. [we're in the UK if this makes a difference - never been on here before!]

thanks for reading,

3 hungry workers.
[REQ] I got my car towed today, Pizza would make everything feel better! (Austin, TX)
Hey, RAOP! I'm having a rather crappy day. Last night I stayed at my boyfriends apartment, and at 1:15 in the morning, they towed my car because I parked in his assigned parking spot. After driving to the ghetto, arguing with both the towing people and his landlord, I still had to pay $193.30 in towing fees. Now I'm broke, bummed, and I just want to spend the rest of the day watching Bridesmaids and Mean Girls and gorging on some pizza. It be awesome if someone could help me out today, I'll pay it forward one day! Peace out!
[REQUEST] College students in Columbus (OH) could use a meal
This summer has been pretty rough.  The last of my savings went to rent and gas (which my roommate could not afford).  We have been surviving on what remains in the pantry, which is now down to popcorn, a couple packs of ramen, and oatmeal.  A pizza would mean the world :)
[REQUEST] First time poster. Me and the girlfriend are having a movie night tonight and would love a random act of pizza!!!
Dominoes &gt; Pizza Hut &lt; Papa Johns

Also, we are from Rexburg, Idaho. And no, we don't put potatoes on our pizza...
[Request] I'm not dirt poor and nothing tragic has happened to me recently. I'm just waiting at home for a package to arrive and playing with my dog. How about we get to the roots of this sub with a truly random act of pizza?
Thanks yall!
[Request] Need to catch a break
Im a single parent and I recently had an unexpected medical expense which took all of my money until this payday on friday. My son and I have been living off Ramen but i currently ran out I just need a quick break if anyone can help it will be greatly appreciated. Im a paramedic I try to make a difference I just need help right now, thank you.
[REQUEST] I've been living of Ramen for 3 days now, I could really use some cheesy goodness. 
My financial aid still hasn't come through for me at school yet, so I've had to front my tuition bill. When it finally goes through, I will gladly return the favor to another human in need. 
[REQUEST] Just a hungry australian, looking for some pizza.
I find the idea of a complete stranger buying another stranger a pizza intriguing.
[request] Northern NJ - Had a little bit of a crazy week so far... A pizza would really make our day.
My wife and I have been having a pretty stressful week, and we're very low on food right now.  We're managing, but we're pretty much out of cash until I get paid in a week.  On top of that, my wife had to go to the ER this morning, and she's a little loopy from the medication and the pain.

We would love to just chill out tonight and have a pizza, but that's not an option for us right now.  If there is a kind Redditor that can help us out with our pizza craving, we would appreciate it so much.  Thank you!  :)
[REQUEST] Hoping someone could help us out with dinner...
Cash and food supplies are very low right now. We would appreciate some help with a pizza dinner. We will pay it forward when we can.
Thanks if you can help.
[REQUEST] Anchorage, AK is broke and hungry
I've never done this before, so I'm not sure if I'm even doing it right. 
Request - Alexandria, VA - Mom of 2 Would Love to Bring Back Pizza Night this Friday
Hi all. I heard about this site on the radio, and I thought it was the nicest idea. I have been on both sides of this. Able to give, and in need. We were doing ok until my boyfriend lost his job this past March. Which is fabulous since around the same time we found out we were pregnant with our third child. So he has been pounding the pavement trying to find a new job, and in the meantime my salary gets stretched pretty thin. We use to have pizza night on Friday with the kids. We'd get a movie from the Redbox, enjoy a pizza pie and have a fun family night. Its amazing how you miss simple things like that. I hope we are soon in a position again where we can give more, and need for less. Heck, I hope we all are. Times are just hard, jobs are scarce and I just hope things get better for everyone. But if you are in the position to provide pizza night for a grateful family, it would mean a lot. Maybe show the kids that yes, money is tight...but not everything is changing. Things are going to be okay. And I will surely pay it forward. Thanks for reading :)
Studying for Orgo 2 and gonna watch the new south park! A pizza would be dope. [Request]
It would be super dope!! And I am sure my roommates would appreciate as well.
[REQUEST] Brampton, Ontario. Would love a Pizza Pizza gift card..
Hey, I'm from Brampton, Ontario, Canada. I created this account to post here, as I was refferred by a fellow redditor. Would someone be willing to send me a gift card to Pizza Pizza? Any amount of money is good, but prefferably 20$. If my request is filled I will surely return the favour in the future!
[Request] College student, no job, haven't eaten all day. I'll even take a small pizza, anything really.
I did go out to eat last night to bond with my stepsister and I spent my emergency money and then I gave away my left overs to a beggar. I had such good pasta and bread in there man.
[Request] [Moreno Valley CA] Broke and no job.
Been looking for a job for 6 months and to this day I still have no luck. Would appreciate it if someone can help a brother out.
I have 19 dollars in my bank account. [Request]
Things haven't been great, honestly. They haven't been horrible but, well fuck it.

I'm a broke college student. I lost a lot of money on a bad business investment (not as sketchy as it sounds though) and I've had to turn to sketchy odd jobs and prostitution in order to pay rent.

I mean I'm getting a new job with my college soon, which is great. But that doesn't even start until...later &gt;_&gt;

Alright so my life isn't that bad. But seriously though can I please have a pizza? There must be some other white, too rich for student aid, too poor to pay for college (literally 90% of my college is being paid for on loans) person who understands my plight.

Also I know my username says ConservativeVictory but if it helps my case I voted for Jon Huntsman and then Ron Paul out of spite to Romney. Actually voted for Gary Johnson even though I'm really not that far right at all just because I didn't care for Romney and Johnson was a pretty good at being a Governor imo.

Anyways srsly though please get me food =/ I literally have like, 3 ramen left.. not sure what happens after that.
[Request] Gainesville, FL, US - College kid trying to find job for summer term
Hey guys, so I started my summer courses and i've been trying to find a job but have had no luck so far. My money situation is looking kinda bad and I would really appreciate it if I could get a pizza to hold me off for the rest of the week. This is my first time so once I find a source of income I promise I'll fulfill someones request. Thank you so much!
[Request] Springfield, Missouri Broke College Student
I started my new job on the 30th and we only get paid on the 15th and the last day of the month! I'm out of food and starving! I don't have any food till the 15th. Would like help please! 
[Request] San Antonio needs a pizza
sitting at the house with my wife and daughter, craving a pizza but dont have enough money. any person who willing to donate a pizza i do have a verifaction code to pass along to you
[REQUEST] Pizza in Ottawa? My girlfriend is very sad.
Update: She woke up, I'm cooking dinner. Butter chicken &amp; rice. No pizza needed anymore. Thanks for the kind wishes all!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Came home from group to a girlfriend who has cried herself to sleep because her friends have bailed on plans with her again. Hell, one of them has bailed on treating her like a human being anymore in general.

I want to have a treat for her when she wakes, but we're running on empty money-wise. She loves pizza with chicken and bacon on it, but if that can't happen, I'll start cooking for her as soon as she wakes up - just don't want to make any noise right now and wake her up because she actually looks peaceful (although puffy-eyed from crying).
[Request] Chicago, IL. Friend and I pulling an all nighter finishing up hw, would love some Pizza to go w/ these RedBulls. 
Yay college. 

Also, I get payed this weekend so if you are kind enough to help us out, I will pass it forward to another Redditor of YOUR choice. 
[Request] Last day of vacation. Craving stuffed crust pepperoni pizza from the Hut. Please?
Like it says, today is the last day of my vacation. Would love a stuffed crust pepperoni pizza. I'm in Northern Virginia. Any help would be greatly appreciated.
[Request] Anderson, IN
The last week has been very tumultuous, at least by my standards. I had to deal with writing several papers for school while treating head lice, the water and internet being shut off, and very little patience. Life has certainly picked up a bit. 
The water has been turned back on, the head lice has been treated, but I'm still stuck writing several papers, babysitting, and working with a limited food supply. I'm not trying to create a sob story, it's just how things are at the moment. I do plan on giving pizza in the future when I am able. Heck maybe I could even give back to you. 
My roommate's daughter is at the sitters for the night, we're getting ready to watch some really bad movies while I work on some papers. We'd like to celebrate the fact that she just gained employment and passed a test. Please help me out so I don't have to live off of one box of rice and a very limited supply of coffee. 

[Request] In Chicago with a request, though not for me...
Hi Everyone!

First time requester here and thanks for reading. I'd like to request a pizza for my partner of 7 years. I think it'd be a really nice surprise for him and he loves Reddit as much as I do, so it'd give him one heck of a smile. If you're interested, I want to provide some history so you know where I'm coming from and why I'd like to see that smile. I'll try to provide enough context without being too verbose :)

About 3 years ago I lost my job in marketing. I was the breadwinner in the relationship and he worked for fun, really. I set out to find another job at the start of the recession and it didn't go so well.

After about a year of being unemployed, living off savings and looking for another job that would pay enough for me to pay my bills (a big concern that stopped me from taking a lot of jobs due to pay requirements... we all have to service our debt obligations!)  I realized I hated what I was doing. I was 25 then... 2 years ago. 

It's strange and hard to describe, I think, unless you've gone through something similar. I worked hard, ever since I was 13 and had a paper route that earned me a couple hundred a month. When I was 16 I got a job at Best Buy and that's when my 'career' in sales took off. I sold on the Best Buy floor for about a year, then went to CompUSA where I worked as a commissioned sales guy. My first commission job and I was only 17. I made really good money and continued to progress through retail and then into retail marketing. 

By the time I was entering college I was making more than most people who had been out of college for years, and that number went up every year. That kind of money blinded me to the fact that I wasn't enjoying what I was doing... I was enjoying making and spending money. So much so that I burned through it faster than I made it. It was really the only thing I had fun doing, though. I dropped out of college (probably a good thing, since I was going for a degree I wouldn't want now).

I met my partner through Myspace at about the time I had gotten my first management position and was traveling 90% of the time. The first couple years were great. I was gone so much it was like a long honeymoon. Sometimes he'd come with me; Vegas, NYC, Seattle... etc. 

For his part he worked off and on. It was never a big deal... I made a lot more money than him. He'd always worked odd retail jobs, hourly stuff, customer service stuff. Never made over $10 an hour or held a job for more than half a year. I didn't care because I'd rather spend my time with him when I was home than have him working and making a couple extra bucks.

So, back to three years ago when I lost my job. After about a year of coming up dry, I fell into a pretty bad depression. I couldn't find work that would pay my bills, and realized that I didn't even like doing that work. It affected our relationship dramatically. I retreated into World of Warcraft and stopped talking to family. Eventually the money ran out and bills stopped getting paid. 

I hit bottom after a long, dark period... but thankfully for me bottom was a nice soft pillow of people that loved me. My parents stepped in to help get me through some tough financials and my partner stepped up to support me mentally and financially. 

Fast forward to today. My partner is now happily employed (1 year anniversary this month) with a company that is providing him with a promising career opportunity that he loves doing. We've downsized our lives; no car, eating cheap, staying in, cooking and we've moved into a studio apartment. My partner is working we're saving so I can go to school and do something that I do love; be a vet. He even got me a chocolate Labrador puppy in February. We named him Fizban and he's a constant source of joy for me. The person I was 3 years ago would not recognize the person I am today.

I try to do nice things for him whenever possible to lessen the stress of being the sole earner in the house. That's what this request is about. We're not starving, but we live tight. This would not only be a delicious treat for us, but once my partner found out that it came from a generous person on Reddit he will be amazed.

One day I promise to pay it forward. Here's a picture of my dog, Fizban and my partner:  http://imgur.com/SoygY
[Request] I would like a pizza!
Hello, RAOP. Nothing particularly wrong is going on in my life at the moment other than I am craving pizza and don't get paid until the 10th. If anybody wanted to help me out, it would be greatly appreciated. Thanks. 
[Request] Last few nights in Atl before I move to New Orleans , any chance of a memorable send off?
Leaving my old stomping grounds of Atlanta to head for greener pastures ( or well , flatter ones i suppose ) . Between the packing and getting a place to live set up im out of readily available cookware and expendable income , was just wanting to try and see if i could get a friendly and memorable send off from a town i love so much. Either or , thanks for the good times atlanta
[Request] 3 college kids starting the development of the next version of Android's boycott SOPA app
Hey all. Redditor [erenion](http://www.reddit.com/user/erenion), [wedgepiett](http://www.reddit.com/user/wedgepiett), and I are developing a follow up to our [Android app](https://market.android.com/details?id=com.boycottsopa.android) that allows users scan item bar codes and see if they're made by a company that supports SOPA. Our follow up app will allow users to join campaigns and will inform them when they scan an item if it offends any of their campaigns (eg child labor, SOPA, etc). We're in the planning stages now, and are just starting implementation now...and well...we're hungry. We're looking at a few long nights of coding, and pizza helps a ton. 

[Hi reddits!](http://i.imgur.com/3L8as.jpg)
[Request] Would like to nom on pizza tonight. (Georgia)
Eat all the pizza!
[REQUEST] Help a poor webdev gain some motivation with some sweet sweet meat pie - marysville, cali
I havent had a contract for a while and have been slowly running out of money and would love to have a pizza instead of tomato soap over ramen. Right now im throwing around some ideas for a new porn site but im running out of motivation maybe a pizza would help!

thanks reddit i love you all
[REQUEST] 21, home with father. Vancouver, Canada
Im a student staying at home most of the time with a sick father. Is anyone able to buy us a pizza for tonight? Would really lighten up the mood around here!!!

cheers

edit: someone was already supposed to buy me one today but had problems from Europe and no longer could today. Would appreciate it if anyone could help me out.
[Request Phoenix AZ] Broke until tomorrow, will pay it forward or send you a small token of appreciation
Well, 

I have been broke for the past month or so and have been sustaining myself on a diet of Chef Boyardee and Hot Pockets. I do still have a can of Chef Boyardee left, but it's stomach churning just to look at. I'd just really like a hot (not microwaved) meal. 

The good news is that I will be getting some money tomorrow, and will be happy to, at the discretion of the pizza donor: 

1) Pay it forward with another pizza gift on this here subreddit OR; 
2) Send my donor a fully functioning, used, Xbox 360 hard drive (20gb). 

Verification provided upon request. Thanks!
[Request] Ontario, Canada - Would Appreciate A Pizza Pick-Me-Up :)
I've been pretty discouraged this week in terms of finding employment, monetary problems, health issue and so on. I'm a bit too self conscious to really dig into it but if you need proof of my lack-of-funds, I'd be more than willing to provide that for you.

In this request, I hope for more than pizza but the kindness of a stranger to help me lift my spirits during my time of need by filling an empty belly. This is a hard time in my life but I'm hoping this request will help things turn around! :)
[REQUEST] A pizza to surprise my mum with! :)
(A bit of background: I broke my foot in May and since I lived alone at the time and was unable to use the 3 flights of stairs to my apartment, I moved back in with my mum for assisted living, basically--until I can get back on my feet. **I'm still in a effing cast! UGH!**)

ANYWHO, we're leaving this evening to visit my grandma 12 hours away and mum's still running around trying to get everything ready for our trip and as much as she can for when I return home, seven days ahead of her. I'm trying to help where I can, but there isn't much I can do with a broken foot. Having a RAoP delivered (I broke my driving foot) would accomplish a number of things: **1.)**Resolve the issue for the last meal in town. **2.)**Not dirty any dishes for her to wash.  **3.)**Be a way I can "help"/show my appreciation. It's something nice for her and she totally deserves it.

We live in Tennessee and I would be happy to answer any and all questions anyone asked. :)

*
[Request] Empty fridge, no cash. Pizza to get me by until Friday?
Well, my rent is paid up until June, and [my cats](http://i.imgur.com/T7pmOh.jpg) have food. I just ate my last package of ramen, and I forgot to save some cash for me to eat!

I by no means need or deserve a pizza. I couldve planned out my spending a little better. [My fridge is empty](http://i.imgur.com/IXViD.jpg), but I do have some pasta or rice I could make.  Getting a pizza would be the highlight of my spring break. And when I get paid on Friday, I would love to pay it forward.

[Pizza received!](http://imgur.com/Phh2e) (4:51 PM CDT) Thank you, Your_Never_Alone!!

[REQUEST] out of everything
I heard about this site several months ago on ABC and didn't think much of it. I am completely out of food and money. I have asked friends, family members, and even my church. My friends and family could not help, and my church turned me away. I have never felt so depressed and alone in my entire life. I really just need to talk to someone. 
[REQUEST] CA, USA; would love some pizza 
pretty broke, n hungry.  Thanks if you can help!
[Request] Power just shut off in Oregon
Hi, RAOP. So, things are bad: I'm waiting on help from my relatives to pay rent (late) and utilities (also late). My girlfriend and I haven't been able to find work and are having a very hard time making ends meet. The power was shut off this morning, and we don't have enough money to get it turned on--or any food that doesn't require cooking.

I'm looking into getting help from relatives sooner rather than later on the power bill, but I don't know exactly when that's going to happen. At this point, I'd judge this request to be more of a need than a want. 

Full disclosure: We've gotten pizza through RAOP twice. Once was through a request a few weeks ago, and the other was a totally unsolicited offer after my girlfriend got into a conversation with someone here. Both times we were a bit better off than we are now, but we didn't have much to eat in the house and we couldn't afford the pizza ourselves. 

Oh, I should mention--I have a battery backup that's giving us Internet access at the moment. It'll be out of juice sometime today, so we'll either use the last of our batteries to use a nearby wireless network or head to the library. 

Thanks for staying with me through this wall of text. 

Edit: Girlfriend said I should offer proof as there's been a lot of fake requests and offers here lately. We can give you a picture of the shutoff notice, or something like that. Reply or send a PM.
[Request] Pizza for a Canadian who doesn't want to walk through the snow!
Im going home for the holidays tommorow, but im completely out of food! I would have to walk 25 minutes to buy one meal. A pizza would make my night awesome! Thanks

I live in Quebec, sherbrooke!
[Request] Seattle- two broke girls that hunger for pizza.
The lease for our apt is up here in the next week, and we will be moving back to the Midwest, but the cupboards are bare as our checks have gone entirely to bills / moving expenses (shipping your life is $$). Would love to have something besides the leftover ramen in the fridge to go with the night of cleaning ahead of us in the empty apt. We will pay it forward!
[REQUEST] Hungry in Pennsylvania
Hi ROAP! I am going through a rough time right now. My fiance left me recently and going from a two income household to one hasn't been easy. Especially with debt from some credit cards and loans in my name that were used to benefit the both of us. I will be honest I am not starving to death, but I am really upset and it would really cheer me up to have something with flavor to eat. ( I have been eating mostly oats, rice, and beans ) I am willing to use the verifaction system to check my ip and email to prove I am not a scammer. Thanks!
[Request] Could really use a pizza tonight! (Virginia, USA)
Honestly, it has just been months since I've had a pie. Student loans are keeping my fridge pretty barren. Would really appreciate a piping hot slice right about now!
It's just me, Voyager, a blanket, a ball of yarn and a crochet hook this friday night. Request [VT]
I made the genius decision to avoid my drunk ex-boyfriend who usually is so wasted by 7pm on Fridays that he starts harassing me at the bar with "I know I just dumped you but maybe it was the worst decision I've ever made" by staying in tonight. I've also made the genius decision not to drink which would inevitably cause me to pathetically text him until he pays attention to me. I'm craving extra cheese pizza like whoa. If someone feels generous, help a bitter lady stay in and watch Star Trek. It would restore my faith in the fact that a lonely reddit life is absolutely better than the real world.
EDIT...SO many likes...no pizza. :(
[Request] Just moved (Ontario), out of money and 
Ramen.  Trading steam games/items or freelance 
development
I just graduated and moved into a new place in southern Ontario (think London, St. Mary's and surrounding area).  I'm functionally broke for 4 weeks, and would love a pizza, since they keep well in the fridge and can stretch over a couple days.  

I have some games on Steam that I'm able to gift:
Half Life 2
Half Life 2: Episode One
Kings Bounty: The Legend
Puzzle Agent

I've also got some TF2 items (nothing great, I don't really play it) http://i.imgur.com/amW9K.png

If none of that interests you, I can also some man hours if you need a C++, C#, or Java developer for a tiny project.

I hope there's someone out there who would be interested!

(Request) Will give you my album for a pizza.
I will give you my full-length avant garde album for a pizza, because I am starving and poor.

Boston area

http://humanzeemusic.bandcamp.com/
[Request] Full-time student dad with 3 kids. Finals are next week, so I'm finishing projects today. Please help? (Portland, OR)
My wife and I are both full time students. She has an all-day class today and will be out of the house until 7:00 PM. I'm a graphic design student with 2 major projects to finish by Monday. 

I feel terrible for my kids (7, 5, &amp; 4). They are doing so good entertaining themselves while we get ready for finals, and I wish I could do something for them. But we are completely broke (students, after all). Would someone mind treating them to some delicious pizza?
[Request (Phila, PA)] Broke &amp; hungry with a broken ankle. Please help!
Hey all.

I fractured my ankle in 3 places Friday night, and am currently stuck in my bed on pain medication with no easily accessible food. None of my roommates are home until later tonight, and I am absolutely starving! I am not working at the moment due to my fractured ankle, so I am trying to save as much money as possible to pay for my bills, etc..

I would really appreciate some pizza right now! I will be sure to return the favor when I am in better fortunes.

Thank you so much!

[Request] Broke and under the weather, anyone willing to send me a pizza? [Minneapolis]
Getting over a cold would love some comfort food for dinner (pizza?) I've been living on soup for a few days and a change would be nice. I don't have any money coming in this week and I am trying to extend my measly soup and pasta diet till the end.

Thanks guys, this is completely appreciated! Can return the favor when paid.
[Request] Pizza for hungry film students! Chicago!
Not sure if this will work, but we're a few film students that are rather hungry. There is no time to gather food, so we hope that a nice donor would be kind enough to send us a pizza. It would make our night so much nicer. 
[Request] Last day of school.
My parents come tomorrow, and I have $2 to eat.  A pizza would be very much appreciated, and I can pay it forward later.  Thank you all, and have a great day!

EDIT:  Should've read the sidebar better.  Forgive me.  I'm in Texas
(Request)Haven't had any thing to eat in a day and a half .
I'm broke hungry spent all my money on rent and power.and don get paid till Monday will pay it forward monday
(Request) London, Kentucky. Need help feeding kids. Will repay. Please help.
Well where do I start? Two years ago the love of my life dumped me because for 6 months before that I had become a drinking machine. It wasn't just when I was depressed. I would drink when I was happy, sad, hungry, tired, stressed. I would even go to work and school drunk. It became a major problem when I got alcohol poisoning. To keep her from leaving I agreed to quit drinking completely and start going to meetings. Suprisingly, it worked and I was on the fast track to living a much better (happier) booze free lifestyle. In the past month my girlfriend and I have argued constantly. Thursday night she confessed she had been cheating on me for about three months with my bestfriend, who had also helped me stop drinking. My gf left after that, she came home three hours later reaking of vodka and she had vomit in her hair, in her inebriation she told me how her and my bestfriend had been sneaking around partying together and "one thing just lead to another" and they had fallen inlove. This had come to me as a shock because not even 2 months ago she had agreed to help me take care of my brother when I got custody of him. Yesterday she left me she said she'd be back for her things. I tried to go about my day the way I would any other day, I went to my AA meeting got my 24 months sober token. I went to work and got through the day as best I could crying in the bathroom on my lunch break. After work I went to the bank to withdrawl money to pay my bills, only to find out she took all my money out of my bank account 20 minutes after my check was direct deposited. I didn't know what else to do. I wont be able to pay my bills or buy food. I don't know how I am going to feed the kids, or if we'll even have a place to live. My bills are adding up quickly and we have no food. My landlord is very strict and will not bend on my rent because we've only lived here for 90 day. I am but sure what to do. School starts next week and I can't get supplies or outfits. I used my last bit of gas to go to a food pantry only to find out that I make too much money for assistance and I can't get a payday loan because I got one two weeks ago to help fix my now exs car. I hope someone here can help me or direct me somewhere I can get help. Thank you for reading. 
[REQUEST] My best friend is in Texas (I am in NC) and I just want to let her know I was thinking of her :).
I really miss my best friend Brittney and I don't get to talk to her much since I am a full time student, have a 2 year old and work full time. I would love for her to know how much I miss her! 
[Request]Last cheque's being.held until tomorrow and would like to eat
My pay cheque is being held until tomorrow because I deposited it in an atm last Friday and didn't realize there would be a hold. Stupid move on my part. Anyway would love to eat tonight and now will have 800 coming into my account tomorrow. I got on direct deposit so there won't be a hold. Will try to put an offer up tomorrow regardless of if anyone chooses this or not because I know how much joy a simple act like this would bring.

Thanks RAoP, keep on doing what you're doing, you're making the world a better place.

-woffy
[request] Chelsea NYC area would greatly appreciate a pizza!
I'm broke again, fridge empty. Did not have enough money after bills and such to do any food shopping. I only have my carfare to and from work on a metrocard. I would appreciate a pizza, please and thanks a million. :)
[Request] pizza tonight to show parents appreciation.
My German teacher told me about this site yesterday and it took some time to actually find it. I am 17 and want to show my 'rents I appreciate them. My mom is great, but this is mostly for my step dad who is like a real father to me. I just found out that he has been making payments so i can go on a trip to germany with my class this Summer. We don't have that kind of money. i don't have a job 'cause my mom wants me to just worry about school and keeping my grades up. I would love to give them pizza for dinner. If anyone wants to help, i would be greatful. I read everything and if someone can just make sure i do the verification thing right, i would appreciate it. We have 4 ppl in my house, my 'rents and me and 11 year old sister. thanks.
[Request] Chicago - I would love me some pizza tonight.
Title says it all.  Don't have enough money for any type of food right now, nonetheless pizza.  If this works, I will be floored. :)  Have a good night everybody!
[Request] Northern California. Temporarily out of cash, would love a pizza instead of bumming sandwich money off my roommates.
College student and I've lived mostly off of rice, oatmeal and a starbucks gift card I found in my apartment for the past 2 days. I could really use something more substantial but true to undergraduate form I'm out of cash right now. A delicious meat and veggie topped pizza would really hit the spot. If I'm honest I could bum some sandwich money off a roommate and overall I'm hardly in dire straits but I'm sick of hitting my friends up for minor things. Just a college student with a stomach that's as empty as his wallet. I'd love a pizza to study with tonight and to eat cold for breakfast tomorrow morning.
[Request] Hanging on till next financial aid check on Tuesday, will pay it forward
So The next quarter of school starts monday, and I get my next financial aid check on tuesday. My bank account however is at 1.83. Im not starving, but whats left in my house till tuesday is PB&amp;J, top ramen, bagged salad and brown rice. A pizza would really break up the monotony of what ive been eating since about sunday. If this request is answered, however much a person would gift me I will pay forward with interest to someone when my check goes in next week. Thank you for your time.
[REQUEST] Wife and I spent the last of our money on kitty litter. Broke until Monday. Any help?
My wife doesn't know I'm doing this, but she will be home from work in an hour or so and I thought it would be nice to surprise her with pizza! A series of unfortunate circumstances (notice of losing my job, lost keys to our apartment that necessitated the services of a locksmith, and a fussy cat) happened this past week that unfortunately led to us draining our bank account.  I feel bad posting this as I'm sure there are countless others who probably need it more than we do, but I figured I would ask anyway. I hope to be on the giving end next week!
(REQUEST) its my birthday in a new city and i dont know anyone, also i'm skint, anyone feel generous enough to supply me with pizza?
will trade when i have some cash
it wont be forgotten

[Request] College student being completely honest about her circumstances!
I just decided to take 21 credits this semester, which is an insane amount compared to the 12-15 I usually do.  I've been up since 5am doing the first two weeks of homework for as many of my classes as possible, which sadly has only been three.  I'm exhausted, and in the least self-entitled tone I can muster, I feel like I've earned a small pie.  

Woo!

Oh yeah, and location: Arizooona!
[Request] Out of state, and out of money
I'm going to keep this as short, but still have it make sense, as possible.
I intended on moving to Pennsylvania from Nevada into my grandfathers house, was stated before I left that I'd already have a job at a local grocery store, and that everything was set for me to get there.

So I drive 2700 miles cross country in a car that shouldn't have made it, I spend practically all of my money in doing this.
I get there and everything is fine for about a day.
He decides that I cannot stay at the house when he's gone (I am almost 22), so two or three days after I get there, he has a funeral he has to be at, and me not comfortable going to a funeral of someone I didn't know, don't go. I drive around and drive by a little later and no ones there, so i get out of my car and say fuck it and lay in the front yard, get bored and leave again, 30 minutes later he's back and everythings fine.

The next morning he wakes me up at 10 asking me if I'm going to sleep all day, proceeds trying to get into an argument with me saying i tried to break into his house the day before while he's gone, accusing me of unlocking all his windows and says he knows I tried to break in because he has someone following me around taking pictures. Screaming at me that I'm a liar when I did nothing wrong, and he wants me to leave. So I gather all my shit up and call my uncle. He says I can stay in a run down trailer behind his friends house. 

I'm 2700 miles away from anything or anyone I know staying in a run down trailer, with no money because I spent $300 driving across country, no job because I was lied to, and looking at selling my car to get back home. My uncles broke and can't help me, the people I'm staying at frequently eat out. I have no cash, my cars out of gas, and it basically feels like no one gives a shit. I came trusting my grandfather was trying to help me, and all he did was displace me, break me, lie to me, and insult me. 

I'd just like something to get me through until I get the documents so I can scrap my car to a salvage company ( that I paid 1K for before I left) so I can get a bus ticket back to Nevada. Which should be monday or tuesday depending on how fast my mom gets to the DMV. And before you ask my mom is unemployed and unable to help.
I don't like asking people for help but I love helping others. This will definitely be paid forward as soon as I can.
I'm in the eastern PA area. 
Thanks for any help any one can give, it won't be forgotten and will definitely be paid forward.

TL;DR Moved out to PA from NV, was told I had a job, didn't, grandfather went all schizo on me, now I'm staying in a run down trailer behind my uncles friends house, waiting for the paper work for my car so I can scrap it and go back home.

http://imgur.com/Hah9o
[REQUEST] Totally stuck. Could use some help :/
Firstly, this is a throwaway account because I really don't want my mother to know I'm struggling, and she stalks my main account. If you want to see my main account (its over 2 years old) I'll send it to you in a pm and prove its mine. :/

I got back into town today and all my roommates stuff has been moved out, along with every piece of food in the house. That means I have to pick up his half of the rent which means i'm really broke. :( A pizza would really help if anybody is feeling generous tonight. Thanks! 
[Request] Hopin/wishin for a pizza! [California]
Hello there, 

I'm a broooooooooke college student who would be absolutely thrilled to have a pizza this afternoon after a killer midterm and day at work that I just can't afford to splurge on myself.  

If not, oh well, what can ya do?  Happy Friday !
[Request] Pizza for my friend just out of surgery
My friend has a foot condition that he was born with. He was operated on one of his feet last year, and they just finished the other one yesterday! He needs to go through a recovery period of two weeks before he can start walking again, and I'd like to brighten up his day with a pizza because I can't visit him today (when two of my other friends are going).

He's not in any real need, but I think it'd be a nice thing to do since he's just an all-around great guy and taking this like a champ (and always willing to offer us food!)
[Request] upstate NY, had to spend food money on laundry this morning
Me and my roommate spent our last bit of food budget on getting our laundry done and now we're hanging out with a friend and getting really hungry.

We should be considered minimum priority though because all of us will get to eat tomorrow and nobody's actually in danger of malnourishment or anything. Plus if we get desperate we can call in the emergency egg noodle rations.
(Request) I need to impress a girl and I just had to pay rent. Ill pick it up.
I have a girl over and there's no food to feed her with, but there's a Pizza Nova downstairs. If you could order a pizza and leave it under whatever name you choose, I'll go grab it. 

Thank you guys!

Here's the store information:

(416) 439-0000

5585 Yonge Street, Toronto, ON M2N 5S4


[Request] Austin, TX - Bank account empty until Thursday, boyfriend got laid off :(
Hi guys, 
Normally I'm not one to ask for charity but I *really* need some help this time. I've been working a crappy, minimum wage job for the past year, and I finally got a new position working in a dental office (which is what my degree is actually in, but I haven't found a position until this past week), but I don't start there until mid-June. :( 
My boyfriend, who I live with, got laid off this past March and applied for unemployment benefits shortly after, but of course, nothing has been solidified on that end yet. I'm sure it's to everyone's surprise that the unemployment office isn't super reliable, right?...

So, I am here asking for some kindness to be brought upon us, as these past few months have been particularly trying for us financially. I am also in the process of recovering from a bad car accident a few weeks ago, so I've also had to worry about finding a new car, as well as trying to find a new, cheap apartment since our lease is up in July. Sigh. Growing up sucks sometimes.

To anyone that even took the time to read this, thank you! And if anyone even considers doing this favor for us, I promise you will be repaid in some form or another! You have no idea how much it would mean to us to not have to worry about dinner tonight. We are genuine people, we have just fallen on some hard times.

**Thank you!**
[Request] Missouri, USA - Just got off work. I found out today that my wife left me for another guy. I sure could use a pizza
So, I didn't find out my wife was leaving me today, I found that out a couple weeks ago, but, I did find out it was for another guy today. Worst day of my life, and I need something to eat, but I don't feel motivated to do anything, not even cook. I would be appreciative of whomever would like to help me out, and I'll pass it on when I get paid on Thursday.
[Request] No sad story, just craving some delicious pizza please
I would absolutely love some delicious pizza. That warm baked crust; the gooey cheese; the sauce that compliments both crust and cheese alike. Maybe some succulent ham or some savory pepperoni? Mouthwatering. Would anyone care to hook a brother up?
[Request] 23 year old bulking pizza lover needing pizza ASAP
I'm a swole man needing some pizza, I am willing to eat pizza live via skype while flexing my giant biceps
[Request] Student low on money due to bills, awaiting student loan [Wales, UK]
We all know that period between student loans when you're stretching every penny you have. Unfortunately for me my housemates decided to shaft me by all buying stuff just before bills, meaning i was the only one with the money to pay them this month. This has left me with just enough to cover rent until the loan comes in later this month, but until then, and until I can get the money back from housemates, I'm a little on the food-light side of life.

Any pizza would be much appreciated &lt;3
[Request] North Hollywood CA.  Need pizza bad, boss won't pay on time and hunger is reaching next level.  If this works, I will return the favor to someone when I get paid.
I will help someone anyone even it doesn't work.   Being hungry is the shittiest feeling of all time.

Update:  Mission Accomplished thanx to Sectorfour

http://i.imgur.com/a1AYp.jpg
[Request] LFP in MI
It turns out that spaghetti every night isn't as appetizing as I once thought it was...

Broke, hungry and lookin' for some greasy lovin's.  To cheer up after crazy bitch roommate jacked the T.V.

Will send smiling thank you picture!
[Request] It's my real life Cake Day
Where's my pizza?
[Request] I am a broke, 19 year old college student who lives at home and has been cramming for finals, and I would love a pizza.
I will certainly repay the favor when I get paid (:
[Request] London, Kentucky. Just need a little help until we can get to the local pantry Wednesday.
I am a very happy wife and mother to four children. We just moved which is killing our finances. We are constantly struggling with making it from day to day. I work full time plus overtime.....but I work for salary so the overtime is moot. My husband is struggling with a decision to go through the disability process at such a young age, or to work on a knee that desperately needs surgery but he doesn't have insurance. Applying for disability is a long process and I don't know if we can wait much longer. Anyway, I'd be happy to make it the next couple of days. We are blessed with a little help from food stamps and we have a very generous local pantry. However we're hungry now and the food stamps are long gone, mainly due to a refrigerator that stopped working and spoiled $100 worth of food. (Really hard to stretch $250 over a month's time for a family of 6). We will get pantry food on Wednesday and they even provide clothes. Just need a little help to get by for a couple of days.

[Request] Dinner hall closed early, I only have $3 in my wallet, and my roommate is away. Can somebody please send me a pizza? (Huntsville Tx)
I'm a college student and I would love to get a random act of pizza. I forgot that the dinner hall closes early on Saturday, so I missed dinner. I only have $3 with me and my roommate is out doing a project, so I can't get her to help me. I have no food in my fridge and the only food I have with me is chocolate and popcorn. 
[Request] Craving a mushroom pizza from Bridge Pizza - Missoula, MT
I'm severely craving a: London

Garden City Fungus shiitake, portobello, crimini, button
and oyster mushroom roasted with fresh rosemary on white.
Add our housemade Italian sausage 2 / 3

From: Bridge Pizza in Missoula, MT

http://www.yelp.com/biz/bridge-pizza-missoula

http://www.bridgepizza.com/downloads/BridgePizza-Menu.pdf

I'm very much unemployed. I received a letter stating that my unemployment benefits are on hold until I explain why I didn't register with the job service. Of course, I immediately verified that I am in fact registered. Thanks to some glitch in their system I didn't get my unemployment check this week. I'm not starving by any means but I would really love a pizza right now.

How amazing is this pizza, you ask? See for yourself:

http://imgur.com/plKF4rm,jfCyNb7

I will pay it forward: once I manage to find a job.
[REQUEST] Hungry in Indiana
I just moved to a new city in Indiana (Evansville) with my boyfriend. Finally got a job but unfortunately I don't have any extra spending money until after Christmas (I am saving up for a nice present for my boyfriend.) We have milk and some random condiments in our fridge, as well as a lone strawberry poptart in the cupboard. I get payed tomorrow so I can buy a few essentials but tonight we have nothing but a milky poptart. Help?
[REQUEST] In Washington DC on school trip and no money for late night snack.
Hey r/RAOP, I'm currently on a school trip to DC (I'm from Canadia, eh) and we just got back to our hotel in Alexandria, VA after a loooooonnnng day of walking aboot. We've spent most of our money on food and was wondering if anyone could help us out?
[Request] haven't eaten in three days; pizza would be great (Louisiana)
I'm in between jobs right now and am living in a house for free, as long as I get my own food since there isn't much to go around. Long story short, I'm out of savings and stuff to sell and still haven't been able to get another job, and for the past few days haven't had anything to eat. Any pizza, even if it's a small cheese, would be amazing. I can do most freshman/sophomore college level work, especially math up to calculus, if anyone would like that in return but don't really have anything else besides eternal gratitude and a promise to pay it forward when I can. Thanks for reading!
[REQUEST] Out of work for six months and very hungry tonight
We're a young couple in California struggling to get by.  The good news is we're both working again and my first paycheck comes next week!  However, I'd be understating the situation if I said our bank account was merely empty.  We're looking for a kind soul to provide a meal for us this evening.  In exchange, we're thrilled to use part of that first pay check to send a pizza to TWO hungry people next.  What a wonderful system, and we're hoping it'll work for us.  Please touch base with us and we'll give you whatever information you need.  Thanks so, so much, and we look forward to, well, paying it forward!
[Request] 6 Nursing students cramming and hungry
We are sitting in the bottom of the library, hungry and none of us want to leave to get food because we might miss part of what we are studying. 300 question with short answer and essay questions suck.
Located in Metro-Detroit area.
[Request] GoT tonight and pizza would be awesome.
I would love some cheesy goodness tonight. Game of Thrones and all. Also being a broke college student means either this or stale cereal.
[Request]Getting a root canal today. Would love a pizza to ease my pain.
I am a complete wimp when it comes to the dentist, to the point where I get IV sedation for something as simple as a routine checkup, even though it really doesn't seem to help. Today will be my first ever root canal so needless to say I am extremely nervous because of all of the "horror stories" I have heard from others who have had root canals.

A pizza obviously wouldn't make me any less nervous about the dentist but it would help make my day a bit better and would be very much appreciated. I promise to pay it forward when I start working in a few weeks.
(REQUEST) Pregnant and hungry- Frederick, Maryland
I am 19 weeks pregnant and I am home alone.  Lunch was minimal and I spent the day at a camp in the heat chasing 5 year olds.  We don't get paid until the end of the session, which is in 3 weeks.  Thank you for reading and for your consideration.
(request) Chicago, hungry teen girls wants a huge pizza ;)
I'm sooooo hungry

im black
[request] I get paid tomorrow and today is my last day without food money.
I just heard about this subreddit and thought it was the coolest thing ever. Like the title said, I get paid tomorrow and right now my bank account is under a dollar. I've run out of food staples and there is a domino's up the street from my house. I could go pick up a carryout order and it would really make my day better instead of living off toast or buttered noodles another day.
[request] financial struggle Littleton Colorado
My mother abandoned my family (father, sister, brother, and I) back in November and ever since we haven't even had enough money to buy food. We have taken out multiple loans to pay our rent and food banks won't give us Any more food. We spent the day today cleaning out our house and getting rid of more of my mothers stuff. It's been emotionally and physically draining and a pizza for the family would be great.

Thanks for reading
[request] What a week... BC, Canada
Could really use a pizza while I work on assignments after work tonight. This week has been hell. My "friend" moved to Ontario with a bunch of my shit. Been working full time, but still only have 8 bucks left after paying my rent. Finals are fast approaching, as well as the deadlines for my university assignments. This and my work week isn't slowing down. Could just use the pick me up after work tonight I guess.
{REQUEST} A NICE FAMILY MEAL FOR ONCE
I HAVE  3 YOUNG KIDS AGES 2 MONTHS, 1 YEAR, AND 2 1/2 YEARS OLD. IWOULD LIKE TO POST MORE BUT ITS TO PERSONAL..PLEASE WE WOULD LIKE TO HAVE A NICE FAMILY MEAL FOR ONCE INSTEAD OF PB&amp;J SANDWICHES,AND TOP RAMEN.

THANKS..GOD BLESS..
[Request] Labor Day, in a strange town, and Broke. Restore my faith in humanity! -Wisconsin
If you help me out, I promise to pay it forward when I get the chance! Thank you

EDIT: My friends came and got me! Enjoying Taco Bell. No need for Pizza today, I guess, but I'm sure I'll be back another day, perhaps with gifts!
[Request] Just moved out on my own, out of money for the week and hoping to get a pick me up!

[Request] Increased living expenses and no pay until Monday - Northeast GA
My younger sister just moved into my apartment with me and we're a little tight on money until school starts (She works at the local university). If anyone feels it in their heart to order us a pizza or two I have a coupon code for Papa Johns that can be used for a one-topping large pizza for $5.99 at the local store. It's carry-out only but I can go pick it up :)
[REQUEST] My job has drained my account until my first payday - Isn't it ironic?
I just got a new job; and between public transportation and having to actually do laundry twice a week, I've been drained of my savings. (Granted I didn't have much left). A pizza would be amazing right now. I'll send decent art in return, at your request! 

and of course, I'll pay it forward once I get paid.

I live in Morgantown WV. I don't know what else to say, except for thanks! This is a beautiful place.
[request] Orlando, FL - A pizza today and I'll gift one using my first paycheck when I get a job
Simple as that.  I'd love to eat something other than raman and can return the favor when I get a job.  Going searching today, wish me luck!

request in warsaw,indiana
we don't have anything to eat anywhere in the house at all and need a hot meal to feed us.and the our car's gas tank is leaking at the bottom of the tank so when we put gas in it it comes right back out the bottom of the tank so we went and bought a new one and nobody to put it on right now and my wifes been in and out of the er almost every day with asthma attacks and we need some help with food please and thank you so much.
[Request] it's my 21st birthday! Well...at midnight :)
Yeah no sob stories haha, it's just my birthday and there's nothing better than being bought drinks than being bought drinks AFTER EATING FREE PIZZA! 

Hahaha, anyway, I hope all of us have a good weekend and anyone who's down on their luck, I hope things get better!
[Request] My dog loves pizza bones
It's my Dalmatian's birthday. He's 13 years old, and loooooves pizza bones (crust). Would anyone like to make his birthday pizzariffic?

Edited to add:  Who can say no to this face?  http://i.imgur.com/Mepk60f.jpg
[request] pregnant &amp; craving a pepperoni pizza
My first time posting here. I'm craving a pizza but can't afford to spend because I have to do shopping for the family tomorrow. If you'd be generous I'd be soooo grateful !!
(request) Broke and hungry for pizza
Well I am in louisville and I am broke right now and My friend told me about this site that u all help with pizza .I am very hungry and have nothing right now .I am a part time worker at a warehouse and I dont get paid until monday and my bills took all my money I had.Just seeing if anyone could help with some pizza tonight for me so I am not hungry thanks
[Request] freemont, CA
My friend forgot her wallet at home, and she has no way to get lunch. In general I think she has been having a bad day. I have no money until payday, but I don't want her to go hungry! I was hoping some kind soul would feed my friend!
[Request] My 7 year vegetarian veteran friend is willing to eat a peperoni pizza if someone offers
He's never heard of Reddit and I just introduced him to it tonight.. I told him not to blame me for the amount of procrastinating he will do this week.  
{request} Broke and hungry in Bellevue WA
Hey RAoP, first time post, I'm feeling desperate. 
Money is really tight with me these past few months because I just moved to a new apartment just south of Bellevue. Which has managed to milk me dry with its first months rent and deposit, came out to about 1100 bucks. 
(barely make 1k a month)
I am, as a result, flat broke, and also haven't been able to eat for about 36 hours. My next paycheck also wont be here until next wednesday Dec, 6.
If any good people are willing to spring for a pizza which would last me a few days, I would be entirely grateful!
[request] it's my real life 25th Birthday and I'm celebrating by staying in with family!
I turned 25 today! Looking for some nice birthday pizza for my family. Were staying in chicago tonight at my sisters apartment and would love some pies. :) there are nine of us, but even one pizza would be nice.

Thanks in advance- verification can be provided if needed.
[Request][Indiana] Hungry Couple wanting a hot meal.
So me and my wife are broke again until the end of the weekend. We live paycheck to paycheck and even though we are not starving to death or anything, the food budget wasn't very big after bills were paid. A pizza would really hit the spot about now.
[Request] IN. I will draw a picture or write you a poem for some pizza!
:)  What do you want a drawing of?  (I can even mail it to you if you want.)  Or what do you want me to write a poem about?  


[REQUEST] Final exam fuel
Just an average engineering student doing the full load summer class thing. My food stores have been reduced to a few cans of vegetables, oatmeal, and coffee. I've had a pretty rough week and could use some pizza + faith in humanity to help me power through finals this week. If anyone out there is kind enough to indulge me I would be very grateful. :)

Oh yeah, I'm in northern Minnesota
[REQUEST] Pizza for a mother's kids and her friends.
Hi Reddit, My daughter and her friends spent the night after halloween. I would like to get them some pizza but I am out of a job and a single mother living at home. I know I just joined but It would be much appreciated if someone could gift me some pizza. I live in California, Thank You.
[Request] California Caregiver here, taking care of diabetic/bipolar older man, could use some body-fuel :/
Let me start off by saying, I'm taking online classes to become a fully registered nurse, some of my expenses lately have been piling up at home 

(I live with my mother, also a caregiver although she is full-time whereas I'm part-time because of school)


Honestly, I've been financially strapped this last month, and had to cut some expenses on foodstuffs at home, as well as the lunch I pack to work. 

Finished my ham sandwich this morning I packed, and still dealing with the bipolar flare-ups of my patient, if anyone could provide some much needed brain-fuel so I can make it through this day a little easier, I'd really appreciate it :)

I promise to try to gift someone back next month when me and my mother get our paychecks from our patients' family.


[Request] Hey Reddit, I could use some Pizza.
I'd rather not bore you with the details of my week and I like to have a policy of not dwelling on things :). So hey, if you're feeling generous let me know!

P.S. If anyone just wants to talk or play some games together feel free to send me a PM!
[REQUEST] Virginia, USA Would love a pizza for our anniversary!
Today is my wife and my anniversary. While we have had a great day together and have enjoyed it, unfortunately there has been a little something missing. We haven't had a chance to treat ourselves today, (or this week, month, year) due to financial reasons. While we do have the 20 bucks for a pizza, it's literally our last and we can't justify spending it regardless of the day. The usual long list of financial, employment and medical hardships have gotten us where we are but that's not what we're here for. We're here to hopefully CELEBRATE our second wedding anniversary with the help from fellow redditors.

Oh ya, and my wife is 7 months pregnant so you know she's ready for a pizza! Pics and evidence [here](http://imgur.com/a/9SQRB) Our local (AND ONLY) pizza place that delivers to us can be found at [this](http://www.foxspizza.com/locations/stores.ep.html?STATE=Virginia&amp;x=10&amp;y=6) link (Ours is the Berryville location)

[Request] Could use some help
Struggling financially...I work as a line cook and our hours get hacked in the summer time.  I get paid on Monday and have cereal to get me through, so I'm not gonna starve :) but if anyone would like to help, that would be amazing.  And I'd love to pay it forward when I get paid.  I don't like the thought requesting if you aren't also willing to help someone else.  
[REQUEST] Can't do much moving around because of a opened pressure sore. Money is really tight and I would love some pizza. US
I can get in my chair for a few minutes to get to the door but not much else. Pretty hungry and when my financial situation is figure out will pay it forward to someone else in need. Verification would be gross but doable. The sore was healed but opened back up recently which is pretty tough to deal with. I am bound to a wheelchair and the wound is on my inner right thigh.
[request] I totaled my deceased grandma's car.  Minnesota
My grandmother passed away 2 years ago. I grew up a block away so I played at her house often growing up. When the opportunity came to buy her 96 olds, it was like a little piece of her was back with me. That was until today. I was at work during a blizzard, and was relieved when the store closed early. Driving home on a main highway, a truck backed out while he was plowing a parking lot. I couldn't stop. I wasn't injured except from a cut from the airbag and a bump on the knee. Here's my proof. http://i.imgur.com/0LbolU1.jpg. I hate asking, but could some one help me out? I could care less about the car, accidents happen. But the fact that it was my grandmas...that crushed me.
A little help (Request)
I am a student in Atlanta. I am out of meals for my meal plan (i paid for it) and was just wondering if anyone could help me out today. I'm figuring out  my money situation now, but until I get funds, I can't eat. I would really appreciate anything at all.
[Request]  I'm hungry and broke with no job atm, will give as soon as possible
Ill take only Domino's delivers though. Pwease :D
[REQUEST] Maybe a large pizza for two airmen serving the country n Whichita Falls TX? Chow hall serves same thing everyday lol

[Request] I am kinda starving, and currently have no food or money.
Hey, I was wondering if there was anyway that someone could PM me or write on this post in response to get me a free pizza from Dominoes or something. I am starving and a college student please help!
Request for a sad friend a few states away (:
Hi there, I have this friend, he's my best friend and he's going through a really hard time right now. A pizza would cheer him up a lottttttt C: I was wondering if there would be anything I could do to get him a simple small cheese pizza. I would do it myself, but I'm dirt poor. You can request what you want for thanks, I don't have very much to give. But, it would be nice if he had a smile on his face for a little while. (: 

P.S He lives in Thomaston, Connecticut; will anyone help me make him feel better? :3 Please and Thank you &lt;3
[Request] Hungry couple in Philly have the craving. 
We don't get our food stamps til Tuesday and are flat broke. Payday is Wednesday and we would be happy to return the favor then!

On Cottman ave.
[Request] California, USA. Started a new job and have to choose between eating and getting to and from work.
I started a new job and I get paid on thursday but until then I have no money for food. I'm barely scraping pennies to give to friends for rides too and from work. Any help would be very appreciated. Edit: I forgot to mention I WILL pay it forward as soon as I get paid &lt;3
[request] recently single, and broke [seattle, WA]
Recently broke up w/ my gf and sure its happened a few times before but I always have trouble making myself eat unless its right there in front of me, also I'm very broke, I think I have like 4 dollars.  Thanks you!
In my bathroom [Request] Lex KY. April's over for the first time and I can't find my card
Upon inspection there's been money taken from my account. This is not going to plan.
[request] Providence RI starving til payday
Hey guys. Hungry in RI until payday on Friday then putting most of my check into rent and bills. All I've got in the house are some tortillas and a can of Friskies. My furry little friend and I would be much obliged for a pizza dinner (he likes the cheese!) if there's a cool cat out there to donate. One love!
[REQUEST]: Washington State- The move from hell...
I wish I was making this story up, but unfortunately this has been real life for the last couple of weeks.  My boyfriend and I decided to move into this awesome house because he's going back to school and it makes his commute significantly shorter.  Our new landlord is awesome and told us, since the house is already empty, we could start moving our stuff a couple weeks early so that it makes our move easier, awesome right? So, last Monday comes along and I decide to give her a call.  She doesn't answer so I leave a message, no answer.  Tuesday comes and still no call back.  I have to go to Portland that weekend for a baby shower and my Aunt's birthday party, come back Sunday and still no call back.  She calls me this Monday and tells me cheerfully they've been at the beach all week. I pick up the keys later that day and I've been moving car loads of stuff between work.  We planned on moving today since the beginning of the month, so I scheduled this particular carpet cleaner that our current landlord says we have to use for Thursday (he's very popular in town so there's no way to reschedule). So then, last night as I'm cleaning our place and getting ready for the move, our current landlord rings our doorbell.  She tells me that they are "resealing" our road tomorrow and that the road will be completely closed to our driveway from 6AM-6PM.  I start to panic so she gives me the phone number of the guy who is in charge of this project.  I give him a call and he is a TOTAL jerk about it.  At first I was trying to be polite to him in an effort to have him help me out, but I soon realized he wasn't going to help me out (or even apologize for that matter).  Now we can't even start moving until 6PM tonight, which is sort of a nightmare because my brother and his wife are helping us move and I feel pretty guilty about making them move that late.  I've spent a lot of my time (and not to mention expenses) on this move and I am pretty stressed and frustrated.  If someone would send a pizza to our new place it would make me (and I'm sure my brother...he loves pizza) the happiest mover that has ever walked the planet!
[request] single mom  of 4 would love to surprise kids with pizza for dinner 
My kids love pizza but unfortunately I haven't been able to afford it lately :-( if anyone would be willing to get us pizza we would be so happy! I'm not sure how this works but we have both a dominos and papa johns close to us! Thanks in advance

Exit: we are located in southern New Jersey also here is a linkto a photo of my children http://imgur.com/qVN1Q.jpg 
[Request] Fort Wayne, IN Pizza
It's been a long day of work, fairly stressed out, and I've lost faith in humanity. Can it be restored?
[Request] Fayetteville, AR - Alone for Christmas and rather enjoying of pizza?
I'm not going to do the whole sob story, I'm just gonna say: 21, female, rather strapped for cash at the moment. I'm alone for Christmas because I'm stuck in town working and all my friends are going and visiting their families like most average people. My next decent paycheck isn't until January 10th (I do have a very small one coming in on Friday, but because one of my two jobs isn't active during the winter break, said check will be very small and immediately eaten by groceries). I'm not out of food yet and can probably make it until then. I'm just kind of lonely and really want a pizza.

I'm prepared to do that verification thingy mentioned in the sidebar. I am also prepared to make you a really bad drawing in MS Paint, because I'm bored and don't have that much to do.

Also, Merry slightly-early Christmas!
[Request][UK] Having a crappy day, forever jobless, decided to swallow my shame and make a request for sliced love.
20 years old and I've been unemployed since I finished a 6 month contract in March, and I'm living in my parents' loft. I buy all my own food and pay the very little rent that I can out of my Jobseekers' Allowance, and afterwards have maybe £10-20 a week to do what I like with (including putting money towards my damned £35/month phone bill that I'm locked into 'til August). But hey, it's had an accidental benefit of forcing me to cut down on smoking, 'cos that's just too damn expensive.

I had an interview and a whole bunch of assessments for a great job last week and absolutely aced it. I personally thought I had the job in the bag, and at the very end of the interview I asked when I'd be hearing from them - they told me I'd know today, and then said they've got a few more interviews to do first for *in-house applicants*. Gulped, but whatever. Got to today, and I've sat there next to my phone and checking my emails feverishly. It's now 9PM and I've had no call. So here's to more unemployment.

And frankly, I'm getting sick of cheap noodles and various soups and could do with something nice so I can play Deus Ex and feel at least a little better for tonight before I keep on applying everywhere and wait for my lucky break so that I can tell other people that a situation like this doesn't last forever.

Thanks, Reddit (:
[Request] (Uk) payday isn't till tomorrow, oven still not installed
Hi there, my oven broke a while ago so naturally ordered a new one. Someone corgi registered needs to install it and with payday not being till tomorrow I have been cooking on an open fire in my garden, don't get me wrong I loved doing it....for a while. My family is away for the night and I can't bear to cook on a fire again lol. Some pizza would be awesome. Naturally I would return the favour to someone else in need of pizza tomorrow evening. Thanks fir reading guys and girls.
[Request] Bronchitis and broke (Iowa USA)
Howdy, I seem to be in a predicament. I have bronchitis,  and I can't get out of bed. I spent all my money getting antibiotics and an inhaler. All I really need is a pizza. I think I just coughed up a good piece of my lung. Oh well. But really, I'll love you forever. I believe in paying it forward, so I think I'm done rambling.

[Request] I got laid off and missed my last final to graduate, I need a pizza.
What sounds like a pathetic sob story, is actually true. I was a merchandiser that got laid off from my company on 11/20. So, no money flow. I had three classes I needed to finish to grad with my degree and, like an idiot, I missed my last final and now my teacher has already gone out of the country (she's Indian and won't be back till 2 weeks from today). I can take screen shots to prove all this if you don't believe me. Basically, I'm having a pretty terrible holiday season.

Figured it was worth a shot here to get a pizza to lift my spirits. If you donate, whenever I get a job or take that final, I will send you a pizza AND BREADSTICKS!!@#!@!!! Also, if you want to ask me one question about the moon, I can answer that.

Thanks either way and we should have a jumping high five in 3....2.....1
[Request] will sing via skype/facebook video/etc for pizza! 
Mishawaka IN College student would love a pizza. I think I'm a decent singer, and I'll sing you any song (within reason, ie, if I know it)
[Request] Single mother of 1 on disability. Would love to treat my with her favorite pizza.
I am a single mother of 1 on disability and would love to treat my daughter with her favorite pizza. I am on disability and only have $40 to last us the rest of the month. We have been eating ramen noodles and very simple foods. I would love to be able to treat my daughter to her favorite pizza hut pizza but I am completly broke and need the $40 to last. This has too be used for gas and basic toiletries and food as well. I just found out about this site and think it is amazing that their are people out there willing to help complete strangers. Bless you all. I hope you can help. A pizza hut giftcard would really make her day. Will provide verification too. Thanks again!
[request] sad and looking for help
i have been homeless for almost a year now and up until now ive either been able to get some help from a friend or been able to find a job for a while unfortunately in march i was fired from my job at subway because they found out that im homeless so i had a little money saved up since then i have been looking for a job and eating ramen about a week ago my tire popped after i had perked for the night so i can't drive it and luckily i have an old laptop i can use to access internet. completly by accident i found this website and since i ran out of ramen a couple days ago and havent eaten i figured why not ask couldn't hurt to try. thank you and god bless
[Request] I'm sure this is the one of the most common stories, but I'm a university student with a hangover who would really appreciate pizza of any kind!
My location is Dublin, Ireland. 
Pizza [request] for this cute little family in desperate need of help while moving
I have four days left in this god awful Philly house and after the security deposit and first/last month rent, our bank accounts are developing cobwebs. My boyfriend and I could seriously benefit from a random act of pizza! It would probably last us about 2/3  days of dinner if we're good which is more than enough. The only one being spoiled with food in this house for the time being is the cat! Any help is well appreciated! My friend told me about RAOP today when I told him how rough its been lately and that I've been sitting on Reddit with a grumbly tummy. (figured I'd give it a shot) If this works out so much gratitude is given. 
[Request] Trying to brighten my step dad's day
My step dad just got laid off. We're spending the day together, and he's really down. We've had a tough year, to say the least. He's always been there for me. He married my mother knowing she had a daughter and has treated me as his own ever since. I was diagnosed with MS earlier this year and I wouldn't have been able to cope without him. We're hungry and broke, and I would love to make him smile with a pizza. He's a great person. I'm trying to restore his faith in humanity, essentially. Hope this works :)
(Requesting) Conyers, Georgia. It's my night with my children.
Hello, my name is Bret and I'm originally from South Florida, now I reside here in Conyers. I'm here to ask if someone would be decent enough to help me with some dinner tonight or tomorrow while I take care of my kids. I've been separated for nearly ten months now. I drank myself half to death and now I'm working on getting myself back to my feet. I don't have a job and my brother has been paying my rent plus utilities for the last two months. He can't afford to give me anymore cash at he moment, he suggested I try here because you gave him some pizza a while back. I really don't want to feed my kids the same slop I gave them last time. Fish sticks and macaroni, a side of applesauce, they hate it and I practically eat it nightly. I've got two young girls to feed, if someone could help me I'd never forget it. Hopefully that way their mother won't be so hesitant to let them spend the night with me next time they ask to. I'm here if you have any questions or if I left anything out. Hope you'll be well.
(Request)CA,USA would love a pizza for a mom and her son!!!
New To this. I just found this off WUAH. SO hopefully this will work?
Due to finaces things are tight. I promise to return a favor when i can.! thank you and hope everyone has a great day!!! 
[Request] NC college student with a lot of work for this evening
I've known about this subreddit for about a week, but I've been kind of reluctant to request because I see people who have either had really good or really bad things happen to them, and I would feel bad if I got a pizza they didn't. I still don't have anything really good or really bad happening to me, I'd just like a pizza and can't afford one, as well as I've got a lot of school work to do this evening. I worked through lunch (I just forgot) and for dinner they only had chicken (I worked at a chicken factory, so it's kind of difficult for me to eat chicken and not feel at least a little queasy), I ate a couple bowls of cereal but I think I'm going to be up pretty late as I'm also studying for a polisci exam on Tuesday, and I am already getting the rumbles, if someone could help me out this evening, I would truly appreciate it and be more than willing to pay it forward.

[Request] (Iksan, Korea) Feel like hooking someone up in another country?
Like an idiot, I didn't budget well this month and have about 5000won ($5) to last until Tuesday.  Feeling a bit hungry.  Korea has Papa Johns, Dominoes, and Pizza Hut, but only Dominoes has a website in English.  

If perchance someone hooks a brother up, I'll promise to pay it forward.
Take pity on my diseased quarantined boyfriend who has been eating nothing but chicken noodle soup and jello for three days. [Request]
Okay , title was a bit dramatic.  But he is really sick.  He's been sniffling ,  dizzy , nauseous  and pathetic for the last couple days (his only days off this week)

His family is in a tough financial situation  (Living on savings for the next 12 months until his mom's out of school and into a new job) so he's been eating jello  , and the chicken noodle soup I dropped off for him.

Can we please get him something solid , delicious and pizza shaped to eat so he can get better and return to work tomorrow!? :(
[REQUESTIN] PIZZA IS FOOD OF THE GODS
I AM 26/3KIDS/LOOKING FOR SOMETHING GOOD TO EAT.FOOD STAMPS RAN OUT/SO IF KIND ENOUGH/IN CANTON OHIO
(request)Gallatin, TN Car in the shop, no rental, no checks, no card
Longer version of the story. I got engaged a few weeks ago and my fiancé wanted to visit her mother in buffalo. I let her use my car and she wrecked it. I should have got it back by Monday. Now it could be Friday. I never had rental on my insurance because I never used it. Took the rental back Friday to save money since I was supposed to get the car back Monday. So here I am. No cash on me. I used my last bank check Sunday. Lost my debit card. And the bank is several hours walking distance from me. I really want a hot pizza to improve my mood :( luckily I am not superstitious and taking it as a sign that this marriage is a bad idea because we have so much fun together. Enough about me for now. Let's talk pizza! And yes I would love to pay this back forward one I have transportation again! Thanks!
(Request) Truck problems and pizza.
My fiancé and I bought this beautiful '66 Ford F-350, knowing that we'd have to fix it up a bit....a bit turned into rebuilding the entire engine. We thought we could do it cheap, as my fiancé's dad used to own a garage where he put in many an hour. I even got out there and greasy to help! I learned a lot, but we've spent around $2,000, plus buying the truck (we were walking everywhere, luckily we live in a small town). So to wrap up this entirely too long post, we're broke and hungry, so if someone is willing to help us out, that'd be fantastic!
[Request] Bessemer City, NC - single mother of 4 would love some pizza
I am a single mother of 4 - currently unemployed and looking for work. I've applied to numerous jobs and havent heard anything back as of yet. My children would love to have some pizza for dinner. Just looking for something different to feed them besides mac &amp; cheese.
[request] my groups is getting shut down and I have 3$ in my bank account
I work for a section of my university that cleans windows. They have been trying to shut us down for a while since we don't bring in money just cost it. We had a meeting with our boss and she Informed us that we will not have jobs after this week. We where told the reason why was no room in the budget. Well I don't have room in my budget to not get a pay check anymore. Thank you for helping and thank you for listening. 
[Request] Moved in with my 86 year old grandmother...
She is getting rather old and I moved in with her to help around the house, lift heavy things, drive her to bingo, etc... 

long story short. Im poor, yadda yadda who cares..... Her cooking isnt what it used to be.... 


I WANT A PIZZA...  Thanks yall...

[request] first day off in two weeks from both jobs at once...cleaned house all day, last thing i feel like doing is cooking dinner for the wee-ones.
i would love nothing more than a large pizza so i can cuddle on the couch with the boys and pop in a movie.  thanks so much in advance, it would mean the world to me at this moment.  feeling a little overwhelmed. 
[REQUEST] Las Vegas, Nevada Pizza Hut
economy sucks here and ive been out of work for 2 years after moving over here, could go for a thin n crispy 
[Request] 3 roommates working for football team... don't get paid till next week
Just 3 college age kids who don't get paid for another week, contrary to what we were told by our boss
Edit: Sorry for no location, we are in Michigan
[REQUEST] DCF-Department of Children and Families Kid and i have noooooo mula! NEW HAVEN,CT
Hey whats up everyone. my name is John and ive been in dcf since i was three. i am now 18 and attending a community college here in New Haven ,CT and since i am 18 i finally get my own place that im very thankful DCF helps pay for. the only thing is that IM HUNGRY. my case worker is suppose to give me money for food. but she has yet to come and i havent heard from her in the past few days. i pizza would be awesome at this point. so if anyone could help please let me know. THANK YOU IN ADVANCE! HAVE A AWESOME DAY AND HAPPY 4TH OF JULY.
[Request] Broke college student from CA craving Round Table for weeks
Thanks for taking the time to read this. I've been craving my favortie pizza (chicken and jalapeno with white sauce) for a while, but money just seems to go to bills or paying my mother back for money she lends me if things get too tight. Again thanks for even considering.
[request] no work for a week and a half
I haven't had any work for close to two weeks now, its been rough and I have been cooped up in the house, I told my brother about reddit and this subreddit, he told me to give it a try. Just throwing this out there, I plan on repaying the favor when I get to work again.

Thanks
[Request] Not sure what to do, he just showed up and started asking for Pizza (Georgetown, TX)
[cowabunga!](http://imgur.com/LufK0) Does anyone know what "Bodacious Slicage" means?

Young family with 2 kids here; its Pizza or oatmeal for dinner tonight :-/.
[REQUEST] Undergrad film director - poor AND starving! woo! (Atlanta)
hey there RAoP,

i'm an undergraduate Computational Media major at Georgia Tech, which pretty much means i'm a Computer Science major except I specialize in things like film, user interfaces, video games, stuff like that. i'm directing a fifteen-minute horror movie for my english class, and i've been sick the past couple of days (which is a double bummer because we've had monday and tuesday off) so i'm in OVERDRIVE mode. i have all the work i can possibly do for tonight done and i'm just exhausted and still a little under the weather. i have also forgotten to eat today, and my meal plan is full for the week so i can't go to the dining halls :(

if there are unfulfilled [REQUEST]s from mothers with children or people who are literally starving please get me off the front page as fast as you possibly can, but if anyone can spare a pizza for a starving artist that would be awesome. i'll even put you in the credits of the movie under 'special thanks' if you want :p

i can provide a link to the course website as well as a picture of me outside the dorm as verification.

pizza or no pizza, have a great night, everyone!
[Request] Hungry and Celebrating a New Job (FINALLY!)
Hey guys, I'm new to this subreddit! Greetings, I'm Rin.

I've been applying for jobs since before summer started... I started a week before finals. This is the first job I've found this summer, though! And school starts back next month.

I'm nervous about the job, as it's a cold-calling and lead generation job.

And I could go for a pizza.

Feel free to say "no", RAOP. Or say nothing! Or just wish me good luck on my new job, for hopefully soon I can afford my own pizza! And IDEALLY, pizza for others, too!
[REQUEST] for pizza, Chicago Loop
Broke art student looking for a meal. Hook a kid up please &lt;3
[REQUEST] Nashville. 3 Redditors engaged in an intense round of Humans vs Zombies.
We have been playing for 3 days and cannot make it to our cafeteria for fear of being turned into Zombies. We are desperately hungry!

Humas Vs. Zombies is a game that takes part around an entire college campus. Where humans are given weapons (we have socks) and are able to "stun" zombies by hitting them with our socks. Our goal is to live for as long as possible. The zombies can only use their hands to "turn" humans into zombies. The 3 Redditors are the last of 15 Humans. 

(Edit) Added some extra info about HvZ
[Request] GF leaving, taking the dog I trained, Friday I owe my mechanic $800 and I've been unemployed for 2 months since she had me move here for this failed relationship. Feeling it. Pizza would totally brighten my day.
As the title says, my GF is leaving me. We've been together for years. I'm pretty torn up. I quit my job and left all my friends behind to move to this city with her after she got a job offer here, and it's been a nightmare since I got here.

I came down here and interviewed, was drug tested, and filled out paperwork for a job before I ever moved here. However once I got here they told me they couldn't hire me because of a hiring freeze. I've been unemployed for 2 months and it is terrible - I've not had a gap in employment for 5 years. My girlfriend thinks I am a loser despite my taking care of our 3 cats and dog, doing all the household chores, and applying for many jobs and going to interviews. I supported her when she was unemployed in the past, but she does not care.

In addition my car is going to be fixed Friday, which I desperately need so I can continue looking for work after my girlfriend leaves me. I owe the mechanic $800 and I have to drive 4 hours to pick it up.

I can't let this stuff get me down, I need to keep my head up and find a job here so I'll be able to support myself.

With gas and everything I am completely broke. This is my first time on this sub - if someone would be so kind as to gift me a pizza it would totally brighten up my life. I will pass it forward when I become employed. Thanks so much!
[Request] Bellingham WA - starving in a strange town
I just got into bellingham this morning, trying to find a job on a fishing boat, and ended up spending several days worth of money on the taxi/hotel so i could have a recuperating night. anyone willing to float a pizza my way? i'll most definitely pay it forward when i get setup. plus i'll love you. 
 [REQUEST] Average sad story within.
So pretty much your average run of the mill request. Me and my GF split up about a week ago, she is leaving and I am stuck with a lease I can't afford on my own, and have spent all my money paying for bills and gas to get to work. I don't get paid tell Friday and I have eaten through all the left over roman in the house. Could use a pizza to cheer me up and eat on for a few days. I'm not usually a requester and I am not horribly hard up, so if there is someone more deserving please choose them over me. Thanks for considering my request and happy pizza giving and what not. 
[Request] I'm having a lotr marathon today!
So my  gf is out of town and I've caught up all the house work so it's time for a well deserved marathon with a neighbor.  

I have used all my money towards bills so the spending money is with my gf and I would feel bad asking my neighbor for pizza since he is always broke like myself.  Just wanted to see if anyone would be so kind to hook  us up with  a pizza or 2.

O and don't think  we are skipping  The Hobbit! 
[Request] Little Rock native in Denver missing Damgoode
I'm a life long Arkansan who dearly misses my [Damgoode Pies](http://www.damgoodepies.com/) who was going to Damgood since it was Pie-Squared (or something like that). 




I recently moved here for an IT job and I am currently a full time employee but I'm requesting if someone is driving here anytime soon to grab me a large handtossed Spinato. I dont care if it sits in the sun for 2 days, I'll nuke the shit out of it. I'll pay for it and even give you some gas money for your troubles. 
[REQUEST] San Antonio, TX - Paid rent with last cent from good ol' coin jar! Can anyone help cheer up w/ pizza?
I just barley made my rent this month with literally the last cent from an old coin jar I had. I'm greatly relieved, yet oddly depressed looking at my now empty coin jar. 

Is anyone willing to help cheer up a broke redditor with some pizza while I figure what my next step is to be? In any case, thank goodness for the power of the penny and thanks for reading!

To Mods: Thanks for posting a link /r/Food_Pantry in the sidebar. Never knew about that! Might be a lifesaver this month! :D

Edit:Grammar and comma
[Request] Just got done with finals. Would love some pizza :)
I just took my last final (advanced organic chemistry) and haven't had anything to eat yet because i was studying all day. I would love some pizza right now. I will forever be grateful to you :)

I live in Goleta, California
[Request] College student home for the weekend with young siblings.
Hi guys. I'm home for the weekend with my siblings and tonight I have to babysit them both. It would mean everything to me of I could show them that I'm still fun like I was before I was broke and still living at home with them. Pictures of smiling faces would happily be uploaded as proof :) Thank you so much to anyone that can manage to help out with a surprise pizza
Request, pizza for GF
i've been out of work do to a broken wrist for the last couple months. money is really tight, as i don't qualify for shortterm disability. my live-in girlfriend is super supportive, but we are both really stressed out due to finances. 

we haven't eaten out in months, and her favorite food is pizza. she has had to do most of the cooking and cleaning since my injury (hard as hell to scrub pots with one hand). i have spent all day cleaning the house, but to really make her evening, i'd like for her to have pizza.

**EDIT: bombtechdave rules.
[requ3st] so how does this work?
i dunno how to beg for pizza. my brother and i are sitting inside, i have some work to do in a couple hours which i will be getting a check for, but i can't cash it. tomorrow I should have worked enough to get my bank account up to zero dollars. i don't have a credit card, so the only way I could really pay it forward is by feeding the local vagrants. not having credit sucks, and mom doesn't get paid til friday. it's sad, but i'll have you know the reason i'm sitting here hungry is because I do favors for people and not all of them are able to express their gratitude in the form of money. totally missed out on the free artisan pizza, that would have been epic. 

i'm in New Orleans area. my skitzo brother will likely record a rap for you which you can post if u like it. and i'll upvote it. 

edit: http://slickdeals.net/forums/showthread.php?t=3350702

also, have a $10 iTunes giftcard for you as well, in the spirit of randomness i'll just post it here in a little while.  

XXTSPXBMBTQ3S32M 

that's the iTunes code, I'm not hungry I had a booger and fingernail pasta. my bro could still use the pizza and maybe a pack of cigs. I'll delete this post later today... gotta head back over to this lady's house I think she has a rootkit. fml.
[Request] Jackson, MS Dinner Fail
I have my grandfather visiting my family and we had premade a meal to eat tonight.  However, it was frozen and is taking forever to cook.  We decided to say screw it and maybe have pizza.  My wife doesn't believe something like this subreddit is possible, help me prove her wrong!
[REQUEST] craving some Papa Johns! :)
Hello there! Long time lurker of Reddit, this sub inspired me to finally sign up. As post says, craving just a pepperoni pizza from Papa Johns and I don't get paid until next week. Not feeling ramen tonight, and I'd be happy to return the favor next week!! I'm in central PA if that matters.
[Request] Hungry Teacher in central Arkansas
Hi, I'm an art teacher in central Arkansas that would love some food!  Unfortunately a recent move has put me a little down on my cash this month but am happy to return the favor as soon as my next check comes in! :)  Thanks!
(REQUEST) Please feed a hungry mom and daughter :(
Hi everyone I am in louisville ky and I am wishing for someone to please help us out for dinner tonight ..Me and my daughter are hungry and we would love some pizza for dinner..We get foodstamps but they dont come until tomorrow the 7th ..please and we have no food and are very hungry..thanks for reading
[REQUEST] London student spent money on Law books/exam supplies so no dough for dough today! :) 
new here! :)
currently writing an essay, at the library in central london, and could really do with some cheesy/tomato-y goodness!
just a margarita for while I finish my essay (and proofread my friends' essays) would be SO so appreciated. :)
aaaaand i'll pay it forward to two requests on wednesday night when my next installment comes in. this is such a cute idea!!! &lt;3 x x
[request] Would like to save my mom from cooking tonight
She insists on cooking for our family every night because she thinks it's her job. She's been working a lot of overtime though lately and I just wish I could surprise her and our family with a pizza to start off her well deserved week end.  Found a deal at pizzahut for a 5.55 one topping large, and tried to round up change, but fell well short.
{Request} Sacramento CA, family of 8 sure could use a hand this evening
Hello,

We just got done moving our older brothers and their children in with us, we used to be a family of 4 but we have grown it seems overnight.

We just moved into a bigger home to accommodate everyone here but now we have nothing left for food until Thursday night.

I understand that there are many on here who need this more then my family and if you overlook us to give to them, then God bless you.

But if anyone out there wants to throw us a pizza lifeline this evening it would be most appreciated. 
[Request] Michigan, U.S. Another poor college student.
Haven't eaten anything besides Cheerios and ramen noodles for the past week. Would appreciate some Dominos cheesy goodness. Thanks for looking!
[REQUEST] instead of buying food for tonight we spent our money on cat food for our kitty.
Me and my friend are both students located in brighton uk, the bills for the house came through earlier than expected so it was either we found some food for ourselves with what little cash we had, or make sure our cat was still fed please help. 
9 week old kitty sleeping after a full meal 
http://i.imgur.com/yr95o.jpg
[Request] I've been eating potatoes for the past week, could really use a pizza. With a promise to pay it forward!
Just another college student going through exams, a nice meaty pizza would make my day.

Whatever I may receive I will pay forward a pizza of at least equal awesomeness to somebody else when I have the means to do so.
[Request]Family of two with only $19 for the next week!
I don't normally do this but my husband and I are in a bit of a financial pickle. I currently do not have a job, but I am looking. We're struggling 
quite a bit, at the moment we genuinely only have $19.00 in our checking and $0.75 in our savings. We have to make that last for the next week until he gets paid. I haven't told him that I made this request, I think that it would really cheer him up if a kind person randomly pizzaed us. 
[request] Girlfriend and I recovering from being sick, would love a pizza. 
Hey

My girlfriend and I have been sick all week( stomach bug) 

We would love a pizza as we don't really have the energy to cook right now. Or the funds to order.

It would be really helpful, would order forward or return the favour after pay day. 


Thanks for reading

[REQUEST] Work fucked me and I only have $2.13 left in my checking account ...Salt Lake City, UT
No g/f (surprise?), no kids, no otherwise horrible story, just a fluke from my superiors.

My payroll dept slipped and my direct deposit didn't go through. I've already spent all my money and was desperately depending on this check. I'm a little f'd here for another few days.

I'll gladly commit a RAoP in the next few days when the suits upstairs fix this error.
[Request] Shreveport LA. I can't afford food tonight, I'll make art for you if you give me pizza!
Hi, I'm Hungry. (joke here) I would love a pizza of some kind. I live in Shreveport LA so the pizza joints are Papa Johns, Pizza Hut, Dominos, and Johnny's pizza (Local chain)

I don't have the money to afford a pizza nor any meals for the next 2 weeks. I won't starve or anything. I have plenty of rice and soup. I just want a real meal.

I don't have much to offer but I have a website cazes.tumblr.com and I make crazy art thingies. I'll make you some if you can gift me with pizza. 

I would be eternally grateful for anything you could provide. 

Love,
drcazes 
[Request] College student here - relatives left for upstate and all I have is some rice and a little bit of kielbasa
I'm a 21 year old college student who lives in Brooklyn, NY.

I'm currently broke and all my relatives are away till Sunday. All I have left is a bit of rice and kielbasa. Probably enough for the rest of today, but I don't know what I'm going to eat tomorrow.

My relatives are in a bit of a bind due to credit issues, so in general we are usually tight on money.

I'm starting work training for my new job next week (worried about talking about it due to NDA issues - similar to another post on Reddit that caused lots of issues for the guy who posted it).

If I could get just a pizza, even plain, the smallest size, it would be nice.

*
[Request] Virginia, USA- I'm a broke nursing student with serious pizza cravings!
I've never done this before, but I am at the end of my education for nursing school and have had a bunch of fees for my NCLEX and license that I have had to scrounge for. I just worked night shift last night on a very busy floor (as a nursing assistant), have class in the morning and have had a serious pizza craving for the past 24 hours but no way to pay for it. I feel a little guilty asking, but I hope I can return the favor someday.
[REQUEST] Stuck in a hotel during a storm
My wife dog and I are stuck in a hotel in Pensacola, FL. We have been here all weekend and just are tired and hungry. 

We've done a lot of driving and just hoping that someone would be nice enough to send a pizza our way. I'll pay it forward Friday. My wife has sent several pizzas here before per her username. 
[Request] Hungry on hard times in WV
For the life of me, I can't remember my user name once again. I thought it was coltboy to begin with?! Last time I was in here I gave away a couple of pizzas. Now things have taken a turn for the worse with someone in my family having cancer, the bills associated with that, and I have committed to working on my second degree so I'm in college for another round. I'd just love to have some real food if you can help a hardworking, responsible guy out.

OH MAN Nevermind! Whew! I just checked my Papa John's rewards and I have enough for a free pizza! How did that happen?! I swear I thought I only had 10 points! How did I get 20 more points when I haven't ordered pizza in ages?! Looks like I'm good for the moment, folks!
[request] ive spent my entire paycheck and savings for an EMT class that will help me get out of poverty
Im 20 years old and living on my own in Texas. i work a crappy job for crappy pay. i finally saved just enough for this class so i can take it and make something of myself, because living like this is making me depressed to the point of mental breakdown. I live on ramen breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I gave my girlfriend my last pack this morning for her lunch at college. If there is anyone kind enough to help out I Promise that friday when i get that paycheck i will return the favor. i never ask anything from anyone unless i really need it but when i do, i always repay my debts.
[REQUEST] Ontario, Canada - transitional pizza?
Hi Reddit!


First off, I'd like to say I love this subreddit. I visit every now and again to see kindness toward strangers and it always makes me feel good ^_^ Even the supporters with upvotes make me smile. Keep it up, bros!


I'm asking for a pizza because I've moved to a new town recently and after a month of tedious job searching, I've finally managed to find a fulltime position (yay me!) but ... it took a month and I don't start working until tomorrow with my payday being at least a week away. If a kind stranger could throw some food my way, I'd be very appreciative!


In return, I give one of my favourite Internet reads

http://www.omegleconversations.com/urinate-in-catless-peace.html

and also my steam name: [eiramasil] and SC2 information [eira.506] because I'd love to be able to game with anyone who helps me out.


Thanks and have a great week ~
[REQUEST] Hungry in CT
I recently lost my job, and I have been living off chef boyardee and ramen noodles for the past couple weeks and a pizza would really brighten my mood and help me alot, can anyone help!?
(REQUEST)
My friend has no job and get one at the moment. A pizza would cheer er up.
Request Hello Hello! Venice, CA.
Hi!
I'm new to RAOP but this subreddit looks wonderful. I'm not exactly sure how this all works, but my name is Johnny and I am hungry. Normally I would get myself some food, but I have no money tonight.  I wouldn't normally ask for someone to buy me pizza but the alternative to RAOP would be to not eat tonight, so might as well give it a shot. I live in Venice, CA. 
If anyone can help, it would be greatly appreciated, and regardless when I have money I'll be back to here to help someone else out.
(Request) Single mum in Wisconsin would love a late dinner with the kiddo. 
Hello. I have received once before in an offer post. I'm humbly asking again if someone could assist us with a pizza. We just got back from swimming practice and we're pretty hungry. We have some buttered noodles to hold us over, but we're pretty sick of those.   :P    Thank you. 
 [REQUEST] a pizza to help with depression and frustration
Hello there. I've been having a horrible time the last few weeks in trying to find any kind of work and the frustration is killing me. My depression (dysthymia) has been hanging over me like a shroud. Some comfort food would help me with this gloomy feeling and also be a fun dinner for me and my mom tonight. 

Incidentally we were helped earlier last year by a fellow NYer. I wish I can find her again so I can return the favor (free graphic design work, house cleaning etc). She gave me hope to not give up and take the easy way out of life's problems.

[Request] College student stressed out
Just found out i'm going to have to withdraw one of my classes because im not doing very well in it first year in college so stressing i hope i can make it through. In the Bronx, New York
[Request] Looking For Food, Out Of Money
im all out of money, i had an A/C Compressor in the car blow up and and since its one of those stupid engines that cant have it disengaged it almost destroyed my entire engine. at least that's what the mechanic said. so if anyone in the GTA area, Canada that can offer up some help ill pay it forward once i get paid in 72 hours.
Request....in need of a helping hand
Just lookin for a kind soul to help me out.I jus moved back to florida an I've spent all my money getting a place for me and my daughter and my disabled mother for whom I care for and all my money was spent on moving here we literally have nothin in the cabinets or fridge it would b nice to order them a pizza n soda so at least I know they have food in their belly I don't start work until next week so I hope someone helps..thanks
[Request] A student in Huddersfield, UK, left penniless by student finance! :(
Hello there RAOP! I am a student in good old blighty, and due to a cock up by student finance, I am yet to receive my loan, leaving me with no money. :( 
My rent is due in a few days, and that is the least of my worries, as today I've only eaten a semi melted Toffee Crisp :(
I of course will pay it forward, as soon as my loan arrives!
Help me Reddit, you're my only hope..
[Request] GA, US - Broke for the next week.
I'm not usually one to ask for charity but, I have a negative amount of dollars in my bank account until I get paid next week and I haven't eaten in two days.
[Request] Just bored would love some sort of ecard for a little pizza
That'd be pretty cool(:
[REQUEST] My two roommates and I are really hungry in Prescott, Arizona.
Hi RAOP!

My two roommates and I are all full time volunteers working with AmeriCorps this year. We get payed less than minimum wage, and work full time serving people in poverty.

We're all really hungry right now, and we spent all of our money on rent and bills.

Anyone care to hook three starving, hard working people with some Papa John's?
{Request} some help tonight would be great
Hello, my name is Nicole, and I wish I could be here under different circumstances, last month my mother was diagnosed with Leiomyosarcoma it is a form of cancer that is very strong and when diagnosed with it the outcome is usually bad. She had an abdominal hysterectomy and we were hoping that it removed all of the cancer but it has not

Mother went to the Dr. today and we were told it has spread to her lungs and her throat, she goes to a different cancer/radiation specialist on june 7th to begin radiation therapy.

So i don't think this post belongs here and I honestly do not know where to post it, mom is sleeping right now and I am glad for that but I don't know what to do anymore.


I know I am asking so much from strangers out here and you don't know me from a hill of beans but I don't know what to do, my husband is working 2 jobs to help us and my mother and I am on disability for an old hip injury.

So if anyone can help please I would be grateful, please can you perhaps help us find a smaller home for rent in the Sacramento Ca area?

We are renting a 5 bedroom home to also care for my older brother who has Multiple Sclerosis but we can't do this alone anymore and I feel so lost, I am trying to be strong for mother, just like she has been there for us all these years and it is hard.

A smaller home could be even a 3 bedroom, we can make a living room into a sleeping area if need be but I just can't do this by myself and I am afraid of our landlord when he hears we cannot afford this home, I don't know what is going to happen and I am scared.

Thank you for reading this and I am very sorry it is so long but I feel you should know about me before making your decision to help my us all.



[Request] This mom is really sick of Ramen &amp; having a rough week....
Not too much of a sad story, just an overworked, incredibly stressed out mama here who is very tired of eating Ramen for ALL the meals. Had a really crazy week, especially yesterday... And would love the relief of not slaving over hot stove for the kids dinner &amp; then eating Ramen myself.

Never done this before, so I don't quite know what else I need to do. But if anyone is willing to help... I can pay it forward on the 10th :)


Ughh I thought I put this in the title. Sorry! I'm in Kansas City, MO :)
[Request] Tired and craving some delicious pizza!
Well, I've been a longtime lurker on this website but I rarely use this account.  After surfing the website for a few minutes I came across this subreddit so now I'm a little curious.

Anyways, I'm not here to conjure up a sob story.  My summer has been pretty busy, between working at an unpaid internship since the beginning of summer and taking an online class to graduate a semester early.  I've been applying for part time jobs since May to earn money and I recently got hired at a restaurant.  Things are looking up, but last night I only got 2-3 hours of sleep and I've never felt this exhausted before.  After seeing this subreddit, I'm craving pizza right now more than anything else.  I hope to return the favor and pay it forward!
[request] hungry in va. 
My bday is next tuesday and I was hoping one of you guys/girls would buy me a pizza from pizza hut or dominos today being the only places in the area. Im tired of ramen and processed ham. I understand many people have less but today I'd like to eat and be satisfied for the first time in a while. When Im in position to return the favor to random acts of pizza I surely will. Just today I'd like a break. Also, if it interests you I'm entering a program to get my associates degree in welding for two years where I will be living and getting an allowance to learn and pull myself from a negative environment. So contributing back wont take long. Thank you redditers.
[Request] Enable me to be a lazy bitch and not cook dinner tonight.
Single Mom here. So, my oldest is almost 9. She came down with strep three days after school started back. Yay. =\ Had a semi stressful weekend with trying to keep her and my youngest (almost 11 months) apart so the youngest wouldn't get infected too. However, the baby woke me up at 2am yesterday morning with a faucet for a nose and a slight cough. Called the doctor to see if that warranted a visit, and low and behold it does. She was also positive for strep. She's a really good baby though, and except for being off her bottle (I guess the sucking hurts?) a little bit, and hating to have her nose wiped, she's dealing amazingly well. 

So to sum it up, I've got two sick kids and I'm behind on household chores (anyone got a laundry fairy they can spare??) and I'd really just like a night off from cooking dinner. I'm not desperate for food, and I totally understand if there are others who are and you'd rather help them. 

We're in Metro Atlanta, and are happy with any of the three major chains, but we also have Hungry Howies and Bucks pizza who both have online ordering. My oldest only eats cheese, and I'll take any meat product on the other side. Allergies to mushrooms, so please none of those. :) 

I hope that's enough info.. but if not, feel free to ask me anything. :)

[Request]Hungry, only have pop tarts to eat :(
Well, I'm hungry, and my mother is pretty poor for the past few months so my dinners consisted of poptarts or ramen for the last month or two. Would be nice if I could get a pizza from Dominos or something tonight :]. 

Edit: forgot to say my location is Long Island (NY)
[REQUEST] Central Florida/UCF Area
I've recently graduated university. I think I have a pretty decent resume (working on a successful political campaign, interning at a Congressional office, etc) but I cannot for the life of me find a job. Not having a car in a very difficult city to commute in is definitely a problem, but it doesn't stop me from taking the bus. But I can only go so far. A two hour bus ride makes an 8 hour day become a 12 hour day. And scheduling multiple interviews is difficult when I'm relying on the bus to take me. Nevertheless, I'm still pushing through and hoping that if nothing, Walmart will come through.

So yeah, I have to move out by August 1st. My roommates want me to sign a new lease at a different apartment complex to move in by July 22nd, but I don't know that I can do it. I'm almost absolutely broke and it really sucks. It's a mixture of embarrassing, frustrating, and sad. I don't want to move back home but I don't know what to do. I feel like I graduated and I did a lot right to secure a decent job or prospects, but I guess I didn't. I'm studying for the LSAT and I'll take it in October. I plan on scoring well enough to go to a good law school, but that's so far away.

I dunno, I'm rambling. What's up RAOP?
{Request} Random act of Pizza. Extremely hungry 17 year old.
I'm home by myself and I am on house arrest, so I cannot leave my house. I have absolutely nothing to eat in my pantry or my fridge. Just canned pumpkin spice:(. If someone would like to help me out I would be very grateful and will pass the giving along to someone else in need when I have the means to. This is my first request from a fellow Redditor, and actually any food is appreciated. I can provide proof of my ankle bracelet which prevents me from leaving.( On house arrest for too many curfew tickets. Which is bull****.) I will also make you a video of when I receive the pizza and how grateful I am. 


Location details: 
I live in Southern Orange county, San Juan Capistrano area. Close to mission viejo and laguna hills.  

Also, I do not come from a family of money so I would give an honest appreciation to anyone taking any notice to this. I just want some food. My stomach hurts and there's nothing I can do about it. I have no money and no other way of getting food.
[Request] Pizza for my wife on her birthday? :D
Hiya Reddit! It's my wife's birthday today and I was hoping someone would be willing to part with a pizza to help her cope with being.... MID-20s (gasp, horror)
[Request] Horror Fan-Made Poster for Some Pizza?
Fucked up on my last post so apologies for that. But I have [this] (http://i.imgur.com/7MuMBND.jpg) Texas Chainsaw Massacre poster I did awhile back but I'm starving right now so thought I'd offer a trade! This 20x30 in. poster for some pizza? :D   Currently in California

Edit (for the mods): Sorry for the mixup! wont happen again.
[REQUEST] Bellingham,WA looking for a pizza :D
well im not going to make somthing up for a pizza, pizza sounds good.
Request: Dallas - Kicked out of my apt on Monday and they just shut my electricity off in 106+ degree weather. Bring some happiness on a bad day. 
Family of 4 would really love a pizza. 
[Request] Two school teachers  Carrollton, TX
My wife and I just started back working in the schools.  We are a bit low on funds from having summer break and not getting paid.  Want to celebrate our first week back with style.  Nothing says style like cheesy goodness.  
[REQUEST] Just got a job. No money yet to celebrate, but was hoping I could get a pizza.
That's right! I'm finally employed. After being poor for almost a full year, I am now capable of actually buying things! Except not yet. My first paycheck was to be today, but an error occurred with the direct deposits and so I have to wait for the check to come in the mail now. I'm not a sob story in need of something to eat, but i am hungry and would love a stuffed crust pizza or something. Please and thank you! 
[Request] Seattle/Redmond - Laid Off and Hungry
Don't want to get all bluh bluh with my personal situation, but.  tl;dr, got laid off recently and cash is tight like spandex at the gym.  Things lately have kind of felt like this:  http://i.imgur.com/mimsY.gif

I'm in Redmond, just added Seattle since some people aren't familiar with the area.  Pizza Hut or Papa John's preferred.


[Request] I need of some pizza Kingsville Texas
So straight up I am broke and won't be getting any money any time soon seeing as I have no job and been living in my friends dorm for the past few days and been barely able to get any real food to eat. So I was hoping someone be so kind as to donate a single pizza to a dude in need
[Request] A chance to affirm your faith in humanity, while helping us with our debate!
Good day kind folk of /r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza;

As stated in the title, my class is holding a debate on the true nature of man, good or evil- myself and half of the class on the 'good' side, the other half on the 'evil' side. While myself and my peers discussed various properties of our assigned moral alignment, the concept of charity came up in discussion- and some of us being redditors, we immediately thought of this subreddit.

It would be greatly appreciated if someone could send us a pizza of any size and type (preferably something generic) around 8:35AM PST, October 13th, and hopefully inspire our pessimistic peers to see past the idiocy and greed omnipresent in our media and wall street and realize that there is such thing as pure human charity. **We remain committed to returning the favour to the subreddit as well, to an equal or greater value than the sent pizza :).**

Note: We do not intend on using any sent pizza as a bribe, if there is enough to share with our small class of 15 people (it's an alternative high school) we will. We believe we have a solid argument and the pizza will be delicious evidence :).

Thank you /r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza for your time!

Contact information:

Ideal Mini School
855 West 59th Avenue
Vancouver, BC
Canada
V6P 6H7
[Request] Kansas City, Kansas. Help me cheer my husband up please!
Hello everyone! I'm usually a bit of a lurker on here but I decided to ask for some help today. My husband is feeling really depressed today, we both got laid of from work a few weeks ago and haven't started getting unemployment yet/found work...things have been very hard. We used what money we did have on bills and rent. We have run out of food in the house (today is the first time this has ever happened) and won't be able to get any until we can go to the food bank on Tuesday. I would love to be able to surprise my husband with some Pizza please. I know a treat like that and a funny movie will help make him feel better for at least a little bit. I will only be able to reply to pms sent before 4pm central time as I'm at the library (one of the bills we had to cut was internet, ugh).
[Request] Hey /r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza. Not doing so well financially this week, not so much food in, just want some pizza.
As the title says I am not doing so well with money this week and I don't have much food, I just want some pizza, I will repay you in a few days, I promise!
[REQUEST][USA] Not poor, don't have a sob story, just want a pizza
I'm just being random and asking for a random person to send me a pizza. My life is okay, school is going decent, and I'm not dirt poor. I would really like a pizza because I'll be home alone tonight as my roomates are going out with their girlfriends and I'd prefer not to be a third wheel. My dog would appreciate the crust. Thanks. 

Will provide picture of said dog with crust if my request is fulfilled. 
[Request] got fired for being a minute and a half late. No funds until late next week. Help?
I'm in North Carolina.
[Request] Knoxville, TN
Posting here in hopes of pizza. Bit of a story!

Husband works CONSTANTLY to support us. right now I'm 23 weeks pregnant (see r/babybumps) and after moving back into our apartment due to MIL troubles we're broke til next payday. It's my fault that we're broke which is why I'm secretly posting here while husband is at work and cannot see it. Insurance refuses to cover my prenatal now for some reason so our spare food/gas money has gone to those. 

I am out of work sadly (was collecting SSI for my disability but they cut it off as soon as I got pregnant and no one wants to hire a pregnant woman even for a temp :(  )

So just hoping for a meal for when husband comes home from work :(
Request- Friday night delight on a super cold night? [NJ, USA]
Hi there! It's one of those super cold, super crappy, super lazy days where all you want to do is curl up and watch a movie. My car is awful in the snow (which has already turned to slush, which will probably freeze soon...) so going to the supermarket is out. I seem to be running low on supplies so a pizza would be absolutely fantastic. No sad story, no dilemma, just a cold lady who would like to indulge. 
[REQUEST] A pizza would make my wait for Friday (payday) a lot more bearable [Kansas City-ish]
*
[Request] Maryland USA - Looking for a pie to tide myself over.
Hey folks, I was just wondering if there was anyone out there who would be generous enough to hook me up with a pizza! It'd make a nice break from ramen while I wait for the next check and can buy my own pizzas!
[request} UTSA IS/IA
Me and my group members are busy working on a lab, and cannot leave the lab 
[Request] Canadian with no cash only paypal.
I'm craving pizza something fierce and only have money in my paypal at the moment. After looking around online, I can't seem to find anywhere that accepts paypal as a payment option. 

Anyway, if anyone can give me information to order with paypal or maybe if i could pay someone with paypal to order for me it would be greatly appreciated.

Thanks in advance!
[Request] Hungry Shaolin Disciple, waiting for reimbursement check, jobs start next week!
Hey guys, I have been waiting two months for a large reimbursement check to arrive from a previous job, and am currently out of work until next weekend. I am an aspiring Shaolin disciple, training twice a day, and while the physical, mental, and spiritual benefits are the most beautiful experience, I am hungry all the time! Can anyone help me out tonight?

While we're here feel free to check out my websites:

www.nickwickstrom.com

www.fofaseng-chikung.com 

Thank you!

Amituofo,

Nick
[Request] Would be incredibly grateful for a pizza.
[PIZZA RECIEVED] Thanks so much iweararubber. Got dinner and lunch for the next few days.  You're a life saver!  
[Request] rent drained our cash flow, wondering if anyone want to help us with a pizza??? AZ. 
We live in tempe and just haven't been able to afford food for a couple days. We are about running out of options and really hope someone can help us out:( text me for details if your willing to help. God bless you all&lt;3 9283861115
[Request] I just renounced my Mormon beliefs after 28 years, and I'm hungry for pizza here in Atlanta.
*
[Request] College guy looking to score a large or extra large pizza to make last the rest of the week until paycheck, from Central Iowa, USA.
EDIT: Will do crazy shit or whatever a soul kind enough to bestow upon me a pizza wishes.
[REQUEST] Captial District NY hungry breastfeeding lady, handsome husband &amp; ginger sister feasting on raw vegetables-had a sudden realization that only pizza will satisfy their hunger for...pizza.
We are having a muggy, pretty tame night &amp; we'd really like some pizza to jazz up our evening. Random nice things are pretty neat.
[Request] Washington residentRecently emancipated from my family. About to run out of food. I will take whatever is given to me.
Emancipated from my family a few weeks ago, trying to find a job but it's difficult with little work experience. Nothing would be more appreciated than a little pizza to make it through the week. 

-Jason
[Request] Dating this new beautiful girl would love to surprise her with some pizza when she gets off of work.
Broke college kids would love to surprise my girl with a pizza tonight.
[Request] Kentucky USA would love to eat pizza with the old man tomorrow night
I don't get to see my dad very much, because my parents are divorced. He usually makes spaghetti or fried chicken for dinner when I am with him. Would love to have some pizza with him tomorrow night.
[REQUEST] Powerless W&amp;M Students Demand Balanced Budget, Free Pizza
First time caller, long time listener. Hurricane Irene laid down some serious butt-hurt in good old colonial Williamsburg: A tree fell on our friends house, our basement flooded, and best of all, we've been without power since Saturday, and the electric company says it'll probably be back on... by Friday. So we basically had to cook all our room temperature meat that was in the freezer and hand it out to friends. Now we have no food, no power, and can't afford to eat out for every meal. We're just some poor college guys in a shitty situation, and could really use a RAoP.
[Request] Los Angeles - Just got two rescue cats back from the vet and I'm broke. Pizza cures all wounds!
Just rescued two cats (http://imgur.com/fBpUELb) from our neighborhood and brought them in for vaccinations today. I ended up having to empty my bank account (~$200) for the FVRCP shots, parasite tests, exam fees and IV Fluids for one that was dehydrated. They're home now and finally warming up to me! 

I'd love a pizza (and I'm sure they'll be fighting me for it). 

Thanks!
[Request] Broke, depressed, and hungry. Any help?
I'm dealing with some severe depression, caused by mental illness and right now all my money is being thrown at my doctors to help me get through this. I have little food in my home, all of which needs to last me until the 8th when I can go grocery shopping again. I'm feeding myself, so I don't need a lot, really anything will help. I'm in Salem, OR if that helps any. Thanks.

-Keasbey15
[Request] Metro Detroit Area: Tomorrow I start a clear liquid diet to prep for extremely invasive surgery on my stomach, intestines, and bowel. It will likely be around a year before I can handle eating pizza again!
Money is incredibly tight right now as I just sent my son to Walt Disney World with his high school marching band for spring break (right around $1400).  Judging from the last surgery I had on my gastrointestinal system, it will be at least 10-12 months before I will be able to enjoy pizza without a fair amount of discomfort.  I might even come out of this totally lactose intolerant, which, holy Horatio Cain, would be a terrible, terrible blow.  

I'd like to spend my last evening with solid food for the forseeable future the way anytrue blue redditor would: on the couch, consuming pizza while watching Archer and Lost on Netflix.  
[Request] Broke until Thursday. Even if I do not get an offer I still will return the favor come payday!
As the title says. I am broke until Thursday night. If you can help awesome if not no biggie.
Look out I will be buying pizza on Thursday anyway!
[REQUEST] Hungry roommates request some tasty Italian food!
Hey RaoP! I'm writing on behalf of my roommates (and myself!) in request for some pizza!  We're extremely low on cash at the moment due to rent and the last bit of money we did have, we can't access due to a stolen debit card :(

If anyone would be willing to give us some pizza, we'd be really grateful!  My roommate, [Foolgroove](http://www.reddit.com/user/Foolgroove) will even draw you a picture :)

Thanks,

[Saeka](http://www.reddit.com/user/Foolgroove)

[Foolgroove](http://www.reddit.com/user/Foolgroove)

[Zonku](http://www.reddit.com/user/Foolgroove)
[Request] Grand Rapids MI. New to reddit! Hungry 
at the headshop!
I stopped in at purple east to visit the staff, theyre dog tired celebrating their 38th anniversary weekend as a head shop! There is 3 of us and were broke! Please help us eat reddit! Doors close at 7 which I realize is short notice but we shall be here until 7:20. Please help us eat!
[REQUEST] pizza for new job!
hey raoh i was hoping someone could hook me up with a celebritory pizza for finding out today i got a job after 9 grueling months of being outta work. naturally i wont have any money til i get paid so a pizza  would be double as great! oh and u better believe it will be paid forward with first check!
[Request] New Orleans - tired Nursing student hungry for pizza
I could sure use a pizza.  I lost my job and have two Anatomy tests to study for.  I'm studying the digestive system so I am sure that eating pizza will help me pass my test as my own digestive system digests things.

There is a domino's a few blocks from me.
[Request] Poor college student seeking some pizza. 
This is my first time doing this but I could really use a pizza tonight. I am broke till friday and I will be living on spaghetti and ramen until then. Please help me with some delicious pizza. I promise I will pay it forward come pay day friday!!
[request]Denton, Texas - my brother has the flu and could really use a pizza
My brother called me to ask if I could drive to his house and buy him some food since he's been too sick to go out for a few days. I'm pretty sure all he eats is sushi from the restaurant he works at, so some pizza would do his body good. 
In return I offer an awesome TV show: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EkN8WtFTpE
(also I have a few copies of dota2)
[request] Wife and 4 m. old daughter are out of town, i can't remember the last time i was alone. don't know if i should be lonely or want pizza.
But i would love a pie.
[Request] New Brunswick, NJ.  A Rutgers student who is broke until early tomorrow is really hungry - help a brother out?
I have $0.09 in my bank account and I don't think I can bear to eat anymore oatmeal.  I've been having it for most of my meals for the past 3 days. Thankfully I work in a dining hall and have access to one majorly square meal most days, but man, in between is brutal!

I'm totally down to pay forward the ROAP after tonight, when I get paid.

And just a notice: I'm not available from 7-10 p.m. (EST) tonight.  Hopefully a Pizza Baron comes before then, since I'm hungry now.  But if not, well, there's always more oatmeal.
[request] Fort Collins, CO. I'm between paychecks and can't withdraw any money.
Long story short: I lost my wallet a week ago, which had my debit card/ID/etc. So even though I have enough in my account to get a value meal from mcdonalds, I'm shit out of luck. Plus, pizza is way way better. :D. Thanks for your time and consideration.
[REQUEST] Pizza For Millionaire 
Rich, young, handsome male and owner of several Domino's pizza chains in great need of a free pizza.
[Request] Im so Hungry
My mom only has 20 dollars left until next week which she is going to use for gas to get to work. My dad is 3 weeks late on child support. All my fam has been eating is toast or soup. Some pizza would be nice. thank you.
[request] unemployed&amp;disabled veteran waiting for 7 months now for assistance.If someone would donate a pizza to me I certainly will pass the generosity on when I'm able.Thank you &amp; god bless.I live in new richmond,wisconsin.  Tim

[Request] Full time college student, gifted skyrim and would like some pizza for play time Friday evening. Will photoshop in return.
I'm a full time photography student, and I really don't have money to spare. My brother pre-ordered Skyrim for me and I'd love some pizza for when I play on Friday evening. I know I'm not as down on my luck as some other posters, but I have a pretty good knowledge of photoshop and I'll do my best to fulfill any requests for pizza! 
[Request] completely broke, looking for some help (Montreal, Canada)
So I'm completely broke at this point, just a bag of rice left until the end of the month. Pizza is a huge treat, but realistically- does anyone know of a food bank (or similar place) in Montreal?

Thanks :)
[Request] Northern Ontario, Canada. Would love a pizza.
I saw a pizza cut into a Triforce over on r/gaming and I thought it was really awesome. That got me hungry for pizza so I looked all over for my Topper's Pizza stickers so I could get a free pizza because i am frugal but I only had 8 of 10 stickers. So if a person would be kind enough to buy me a random pizza, I would be very glad and then you would be my reddit friend.

Optional: getting the pizza cut into a Triforce.

Also, I am an Ent and I love all you Ents out there. [4]
[Request] Seattle, WA
Hey all. I am sick at home and the only thing I'm craving is pizza. No transportation and broke on top of that. Will anyone help out? Thanks! 

ETA: Will provide verification code
[REQUEST] PRUNEDALE, California USA - 2 Girls Low on Cash &amp; HUNGRY! [Thanks]
We're 2 dog groomers in between paychecks, no one's been tipping and we don't have anything for dinner :( 
We would really love some pizza right about now!
If anyone's feeling generous we would be more than happy to pay it forward on our payday! :D
Much Love,
2 Stoner Chicks
[Request] GA, USA Have 50% coupon to Papa's but no cash. If someone wants to buy me a pie, you only have to pay half! 
College student that just paid three bills and waiting until next Friday to get paid. Your help would really be appreciated.
[Request] Low on Food and Cash, Could Really Use a Pizza
I've been pretty broke lately due to some circumstances I'd rather not get into. I haven't had anything to eat today, and I'm pretty much out of food until Monday when I get paid. I could really use a pizza if anyone doesn't mind.
[Request] Carson, CA. Had a streak of unfortunate events for the past month, would love a pizza to help ease them into the back of my mind.
Lost my job at an insurance company this past month due to lawsuits straining payroll but I was able to pay back my school (owed money for FAFSA overpayment) in order to enroll in the upcoming fall semester! 

Bad part is, I'm kinda tapped out while waiting for unemployment to kick in while I search for a job. 
[REQUEST] I'm just hungry, I will forward when I get money.
Please, I've tried this before but I never get a pizza :( I've been unemployed for 4 months. Welfare covers just the rent. I haven't had pizza in ages.  
[Request] Would love a pizza to go with Kingdoms of amular that I'm borrowing
Would be a huge lifesaver tonight......
[Request] stuck dog sitting for the next 4 days, no money and nothing to eat but ramen
a simple cheese pizza would be a nice break from the ramen :3

*
[Request] Greensboro,  NC. I will draw something in exchange for a pizza.
I haven't drawn anything lately and we're broke until Friday. [Here's my deviantART gallery](http://androidar.deviantart.com/gallery/) so you can see my skill and what I usually draw. All characters and species of my own creation (minus the Ponies of course). I can do sketches and I'm pretty fantastic with MS Paint, if I do say so myself.

I will draw something for someone in exchange for a yummy warm pizza for the 3 of us (Fiancee, son and myself).

If someone is feeling more than generous in their pizza giving (more than one pizza, extra tasties), I will have my talented fiancee bring life and colour to the sketch. She's awesome.

Thank you.
[request] SAP in [California] comes to you in her time of pizza need.



[request] SAP in [California] comes to you in her time of pizza need.

So I am more of a lurker and I know it makes me look bad but I have been here nearly three years and I hope that gives me some credit. (I am great at run-on sentences). 

My little family of two and one cat would love to indulge in a pizza. We have been going through some tough times recently. We just paid the rent and now have 24$ to our name. We are going to do whatever we can to have it hold us over until Wednesday. A pizza is not a necessity but it would be a real treat. 

In exchange I can offer pictures of my adorable cat Charlie (he has plenty of food so there are no worries there) and a promise to pay it forward as soon as I can. 

Thank you Random_Acts_Of_Pizza!
[REQUEST][US] Starting a new job on Wednesday, but finances have really taken a hit to where I haven't been able to eat much. A pizza would be absolutely amazing!
Lost my job a few months ago and finding anything halfway steady has been hard to say the least. Finally starting a new job soon and would love to celebrate with a real meal. I'm good and video editing and programming so if you need anything in that field I can assist! 

Thanks for reading!
[request]Los Angeles, 3 Days until a paycheck would love a Pizza

(REQUEST) Louisville Ky  Dad and daughter could use a pizza tonight please
Me and my daughter are wanting pizza for dinner and I am low on cash tonight and hate to have to tell her no.Could someone help us out with pizza and I will return the favor please. thanks
[Request] Broke college student in a bad place. Meal plan suspended; no money for food. This is my third day without eating please help.

[Request] Never thought (hoped) I'd have to use this subreddit. Will pay forward 2x!
Southeast Michigander here. We're a couple living together in a small home on have been on a single income for nearly four months now. My S/O just got a new job but there wont be a paycheck for a couple of weeks. I've been floating us by but we're both college students too so it's not like we had any sort of saving to speak of :p. 

Anyway, we were hoping for a ROAP with an absolute promise to pay it forward times two this upcoming Friday. We've nothing but soup and green beans in the pantry! (Although green beans are damned delish aren't they? Just not very filling. :D)

Thanks for hearing me out &lt;3 
[Request] Car just got repossed, not paid till friday, just need a cheer up.
Willing to Offer at anothers request when i can afford to. :)
[Request] Denton, TX USA
I get paid in a week, so I've got rice and beans, ramen, and pasta to last me until then. If you've ever seen the movie Pay It Forward, I'll be sure to do that when I have any money at all. Any kind of pizza sounds amazing! D: 
[request] Scotland, UK. Skint student with no food in the house and a bad case of glandular fever.
I'm off work and uni with glandular fever which has caused badly swollen glands and is making me look like the elephant woman (can prove with pictures) :( I'm craving a pizza and just can't afford one right now, got no food in the house and too tired to get out of bed to walk and get something to eat.

Edit: Will try pay it forward when I can!
[Request] Hungry family in the Inland Empire, California
Hi, thanks for reading. My husband and I just have had to close our company down due to the economy and to be honest we are barely making it by on Public Assistance for the first time ever. We have 4 great kids who have made the best out of a kind of bummer summer and we would love to surprise them with Pizza and a movie. It would be great as the summer is coming to an end and would love a night of smiles. Thanks again for reading.
[Request] Terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day. Fired because my boss is a butthead.  MA, USA.
Title is a pretty good TL;DR. Boss needed a scapegoat, I was handy. Had planned to make pasta but pizza sounds so delicious. Now that I'm income-less, pizza ordering will be eliminated. I'll draw you a picture as a thank you :) 
[Request] WIU Illinois
IRL cakeday today. Some reddit pizza sounds like a great gift to this aspiring biochemist. PiF is a given, of course.
[REQUEST] Alone with obnoxious allergies, maybe Pizza can make things better? 
EDIT: Forgot to include location, which is CHICAGO SUBURBS!

My parents just went out to dinner, and I just realized that we aren't getting groceries until tomorrow, so I'm prettttty hungry.  These allergies are pretty awful, but I have some unfinished video games that I can revisit while I'm here, so it's not all bad.  But can you awesome people of RAoP make it better?  :D  It would make my night to be saved by reddit. 

P.S. I've never done this before, so I don't really know how the verification system works.  I'd be happy to use it if you explained it to me though :)
[Request] Hungry architecture students in San Diego, CA.
It's the first all nighter of the quarter and we are starting to get hungry! Unfortunately, too much money spent on project supplies and not enough left over for pizza. Thanks!
[Request] Colorado native submits Personal and the Pizzas for a fighting chance in this random act of pizza.
[This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BO3U56gTi2U) is what I'll be listening to for the next while hoping that my request reaches an open heart.

I have no money, little food, and high hopes of receiving a pizza.

I'll draw you a cool pizza-related picture!
[REQUEST] Marathoning The Last of Us with a friend for the first time. We'd love some pizza to go with it!
We decided to marathon this game a la middle school binge playing before he gets deployed to the Navy in 2 days. Help us out and feed us while we play through this (so far magnificent) game! :)
[request] newport news, Va. no money, no food :(
I dont get paid till tommorow and have nothing to eat after I get off work. I promise to pizza it back when I get paid. Thanks in advance!
[REQUEST]starving artist sa,tx
hey guys i'm a freelance graphic designer that hasn't been getting enough work lately so money for anything besides bills lately is really scarce ,really would love some pizza for now and would love to pay it forward when a few new jobs come my way
[REQUEST] New to Chicago, Out of Work. Would appreciate a pizza. 
We are currently looking for work and later today, we could really use a pizza. We understand that it would need to be paid forward at a later date and we're cool with that. We've considered foraging in the forest or going to a food bank, but a random act of pizza would get us through the next two days or so. 
(Request) Looking for a good meal for the kids and me tonight.
My friend on facebook told me about this site. Single mom here...we are currently going through some hard times. We have canned goods, ramen, bread and such but nothing really good and feeling until I get foodstamps thursday. The kids and me would appreciate some pizza tonight if possible. Located in NC.
[request] San Jose, CA. Girl hoping for pizza. 
Just your average broke college student looking for some pizza lovin'. I only have 5 weeks before school is over but I'm not doing so hot financially. Hopefully I'll get to work two jobs over the summer. I vow to pay it forward if I do receive some pizza.

I'm currently working on mock-ups for a project. (design student)

-8245a
[Request] Murfreesboro, TN. Would love to have a pizza tonight, while I pack my belongings up.
In the middle of packing to move, and I just realized I haven't eatten. I'm very strapped for cash right now because of my having to move. I would love to have a small pizza, pizzone, or anything really so I can get back to work without having to spend time unpacking dishes to cook.
Murfreesboro,Tn.
[request]My wife and I have been surviving on value menus all week.
Edit: Taken care of by /u/SimbaKali !!

I recently lost my job and her income is barely enough to get the bills paid.  We used up the last of our groceries on Tuesday.  I just thought it would be neat if I could feed her pizza tonight.

EDIT: US, Arkansas
[Request]  The University of Southern Indiana is on spring break, all restaurants on campus are closed. I spent last paycheck on final payment of tuition. Can you help a brother out?
I don't get payed till friday and my meal plan only works on campus. I'm too broke to buy ramen. I will gladly buy pizza for the person who purchases a pizza for me when they are in need. 
[Request] (U.S.) Pregnant and desperately craving pizza
I'm 30 weeks pregnant and desperately craving pizza, but I can't really justify spending the money on it while I'm saving up for the baby's arrival.  If anyone wants to help me out it would be incredible! 
[Request]Hungry for now, hope to return the favor later. (Goleta, CA)
Just yesterday my bank found fraud activity on my debit card, and shut it down. I won't get another for 5-7 business days, and since I have no cash on hand, no food in the fridge and no nearby bank office, I'm going a bit hungry.

If someone helps me out now, I hope to return the favor once I get my new card by providing a RAOP myself. 

Thanks in advance.
*Request* *US* Yummy for my tummy&lt;3
Hey there. I want to thank you in advanced for reading this post and commenting. :) I appreciate it.


I would love a stranger to make my week with a pizza :)

My baby is sick with a cough cold and fever, she has been having horribal nights meaning I haven't gotten much sleep for a few nights. I would love a warm hot pizza so I could get a break from cooking and giving her medicen every four hours.

I am willing to send a handwritten note or take a picture of the box with a special message for you. :)


xoxo
[Request] Nevada USA Home alone Family's out for pizza
reposted to follow posting guidelines

I was invited but we have one car and it doesn't fit everyone and im always left out. but i could always go for my own pizza at home!
thanks for reading let me know if i did anythign wrong guys
[Request] Seattle Area 
I'm a commercial fisherman by trade. I was injured during this last crab season and am told I won't be able to fish again because of it. I'm pretty bummed and broke. I could sure use a pizza.
[Request] Would anyone help with my Game of Thrones marathon? (Salt Lake City, UT)
First time asker, long time lurker. 
My roommate gets off work in a few hours and we plan to marathon s2 of game of thrones. Surprising him with pizza, and feeding myself of course, would be the best thing ever! We haven't been able to afford much food lately since he is now unable to sell plasma after a complication last time, so we're always a bit hungry. 

Thanks so much in advance!
[Request] A simple pie of pizza.
My hard working dad works as a wholesale selling electronics in NY and business is slow lately and he isn't making money like he used to. My mother is a stay-at-home mother who has never had a job in her life and our family has a very tight budget. While some people may say to get off yar lazy arse and get a job, quite frankly in my situation its impossible as of right now. I'm too busy to get a job again to maintain my grades and enough sleep each night so that option is out of the picture.

All I'm asking for is a simple medium/large pizza, that's all, it would really make my day for a stranger on the internet to perform such an act of kindness.
[REQUEST] 2 sisters with first of the month blues. haven't had anything except coffee since yesterday.
We are two 21 year old sisters on our own on the islands of Honolulu and we just spent what little money we could muster together to make this months rent. Things have been tight with money and we don't have anything to cook except for noodles. Not even butter :( Food has not entered our lives since yesterday morning, and it's now 8:00 pm. We would just really like a veggie pizza to enjoy with some Sprite maybe while we sit back and watch a movie. God bless
[Request] Held hostage by mom's crazy diet
* 17 years old with Type 1 Diabetes 
* Mom and her boyfriend are on potato diet 
* Nothing but potatoes for a teenager to eat for dinner
* Doesn't want another ounce of potato
* Car in shop getting fixed
* Can't leave 

That's basically the jist of it. I've recently spoken to my mother about no longer participating in the diet, but she agreed that I must now cook for myself. Only problem is that there is nothing but potatoes, beets and carrots available for consumption for now. 
[Request] Washington State, pizza sounds great right now!
I would love a pizza right now.  I don't need it; there's no sad story to my life that would make a pizza truly beneficial right now; I just feel like eating pizza.  I understand if no one wants to buy me one, but I would greatly appreciate it.  If you want, I could photoshop your name to look cool or something like that.  This is my first time asking for pizza, so if you have any kind of request in return, such as a wallpaper, I will gladly oblige.
[request] wishing I had a hot, yummy pizza to keep me company
Currently down on my luck, I'm unemployed, my cable got shut off yesterday and recently got dumped by my girlfriend. It's a Tuesdy evening and I'd love some pizza, what girl wouldn't? Anyone like to help me out?
Sitting alone in my room with just my stomach growling to keep me company :(

Oh and I'm located in WA state
[Request] Lonely and hungry, maybe someone can help me out
Girlfriend's out of town for the weekend, but even if she were here her car's busted, and we're both broke. So i'm just sitting here on Reddit, depressed and hungry. Pizza places don't open for a little bit here but if someone could help me out with a pie and a 2 liter you'd be my hero.

Edit: I'm an idiot and totally spaced on the location. Oh well. If anyone sees this and wants to take pity, i'm in Tempe AZ. I'd edit the title but dunno how.
[Request] Student STILL waiting on a bursary requesting pizza based assistance
My money should have come in at the beginning of May but it hasn't and cheap as they are, I really can't afford takeaways. I live in England and there are quite a few near me still open (according to Just Eat). If anyone knocking about would be able to help it would be much appreciated, this was done on a whim so no worries if no one can.
[Request] Married couple in San Antonio, TX, struggling to pay the bills.
Hello fellow Redditors! I'm a longtime lurker of reddit, and was recently informed about this subreddit by a friend who new that I was a little tight in the wallet. My wife and I have been married for just over 9 months, and while many other marriages first year are amazing, ours has not been. A few months before my wedding my parents asked to borrow some money to get out of debt, and being a kind-hearted person/good son. I lent them $5000.00, and told them that they did not have to rush to pay me back. Since that time my wife and I have struggled to make ends meet, my parents have gotten divorced, and I have been unable to hold down a job. This past month I was let go of my job at a pizza place, and had a complete breakdown. In order to pay rent for this month I've sold half of our furniture, our tv, and our car radio. We've barely made rent, but we won't be able to get some groceries until Monday. I'm just hoping someone on here has some sympathy for my wife and I, and we want you all to know that we will pay it forward as soon as we can. Thank you very much, and God Bless!
[Request] homeless looking to give boyfriend something else for dinner 
I am 19 and recently became homeless, I just got out of the hospital to find out that my medical card had been canceled and I cannot pay for mine. Also, my boyfriend was in the hospital a few days prior and has a T12 L4 fracture in his spine. We have been staying at a friends house for a little bit but they are low on food and we have been eating ramen and cheese sandwiches for the past week. I would like to treat him to a pizza, but I have no money at all. I do have proof I need help with my (and my boyfriend's) prescription and our hospital bands.  
[Request] Unemployed musician hosting touring band. Will send a free download link for a couple pizzas. 
I am an unemployed musician in Tennessee who can't offer much except a place to stay and some possible unpaid shows to bands passing through. I am currently hosting a 4 piece band from upstate NY for a couple of days. Normally we can busk downtown for some extra food money but we've only made $13 bucks between the 5 of us in the past couple of days. Any help with a couple of pizzas and I'll send you a free download link!

EDIT: SallyMacLennane just made everyones night! Not only will I personally be paying this back, but the boys in the band have all subscribed and plan on doing their thing to help out in the future!
[request] Dover NH is feeling kinda down and super broke
Work is horrendus. Not only that, but that stupid time between school ending and work picking up means i have zero cash. You guys seem kinda awesome. this'd be an interesting first reddit! X) Thanks even if you just read this X3
[Request] USA, needs to make amends
I was an asshole. I accidentally made my best friend wait for me for 2 hours outside my house... while i was inside the whole time. Asleep. I BLAME THE TWO ALARM CLOCKS THAT DIDNT GO OFF. It was the first time we were going to see each other in like 6 months, and I was a butthole. She's awesome and decided to come back, so I want to be nice and get her her favorite food- Pizza Hut cheese pizza! But I'm broke. So pleease help me look like less of an asshole? :D
[Request] Illinois, USA. I came down with the flu last night, leaving my fiance to do all the housework I had planned for today. Would love to surprise him with a pizza.
It would be amazingly appreciated and make both of our days. Will provide verification code if requested.
[Request] Family of 5 in search of some pizza
Long story short my husband and I both worked at the same company driving medical supplies to and from hospitals. We were required to use our own vehicles because the company only had so many (that were breaking down anyway).  The transmission went in my husbands car and our boss told him that he refuses to pay for the gas to run the stuff in a van instead of his car that he can't afford to get fixed and fired him.  We were in a tight spot in the first place because we're constantly spending our money on fixing the cars (that we still owe $10k on) + necessities. We have an infant, 9yr old, 11yr old and a pet dog. Ever since he lost his job we've been eating nothing but cheap things (hamburger helper, ramen, hot dogs) for at least a month.  We were accepted for food stamps but with my income they only give us $150 per month which lasts us a week with the amount of food my boys consume. My husband has had interview after interview with no luck whatsoever. I think they'd be really happy to come home from the pool tonight and have a great feast of pizza. 

Tldr; We're broke and sick of the same dinner table scenery and would really like a couple pizzas tonight.

We were taken care of! Thanks so much to MamaGrr!
[REQUEST] Fort Myers, FL I just ate my fiancee's burrito
I was absolutely starving so I ate my fiancee's burrito that he had in the fridge (and yes it was amazing). He is asleep right now and doesn't know it yet. Maybe waking up to pizza would make him forget about burrito? 
[Request] Fort Wayne, Indiana
I'm a software developer who is working on contract work week to week and this week... things came up slightly short.

My girlfriend has come over to my place for the evening and she just expressed the want for a pizza and as I sit here looking at my bank account I've realized I'm overdrawn for the week thanks to the dentist.

So I've come looking for a pizza. After being a long time Reddit lurker I've registered and decided it is time to see what happens with this.

Don't worry... I'm verified.
[Request] pizza for some poor guys in Austin, TX
we are 7 people in this house, nobody's got paid yet and our fridge is empty 

my friends are trying to make bread so we don't die of starvation

http://i.imgur.com/ZrSSbVZ.jpg

we are not picky, just hungry, any kind of pizza will be appreciated

-
[Request] GF cheated on me, job search going nowhere, starting to get cabin fever.
If you're willing to get me a large Ultimate Pepperoni Feast and a 2L of Coke from Dominos (I'll pick it up to spare you the delivery charge), I'll give you a shoutout in the next episode of my [YouTube series](http://youtube.com/samuraientertainment) in addition to the usual thanks.
[Request] Homesick in Copenhagen, Denmark.. can't afford a pizza
In addition to getting my wallet stolen over the weekend, I miss living somewhere I can afford to eat a pizza. It would be really super if there was a generous heart out there! :)
[Request] Mid-Atlantic
Making dinner and the chicken that was supposed to be fresh smells like a newly birthed Orc. Mom had to work a double and my stepdad, douchenozzle that he is, took off without his phone. If someone could buy a pizza for us that'd be great.
[REQUEST] FL: RIP Ryan
My family is grieving now over the loss of our dog, Ryan. My kids are 
handling this as best as they can, but more than anything we could really all use a hug right now. 

About two weeks ago, I came home to find Ryan walking into the wall. I picked him up to see if he would recognize me, but he wasn't his playful self. I rushed him to the vets, where he was kept overnight. The next evening I got the news that he needed to undergo liver shunt surgery. His surgery was scheduled for today, but he passed away overnight.

This little angel went through many bouts of going to the vets. Some 
days he was bouncing around and playful, and some days he wouldn't do much of anything. I didn't think he could have been suffering from 
something so serious.

I'm doing my best to be strong for my children, but Ryan was like one of the children. I haven't been able to do much of anything today, and I'm hoping someone out there would be willing to buy dinner for my family tonight. Outside of struggling to pay bills, we've now lost a member of our family.

Pictures of our angel: [Picture here](http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/824/rryan1.jpg/) and [here](http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/15/rryan2.jpg/)
[Request]Pennsylvania, USA. Recently moved and would love some pizza.
Since my family is downsizing, we have to give away our dogs of 9 and 10 years. I think some RAOP would cheer us up.
[Request] Toronto, ON, Canada- broke and would really appreciate a pizza tonight.
So, as the title says, I'm currently broke. Well, to be more exact, I have $2.07 in my bank account, so I guess I'm not out on my ass quite yet.

My boyfriend and I both are students and work part-time jobs, but unfortunately our jobs were both seasonal and now that the school year's pretty much over, so are our jobs. We're looking for work, but as many of you I'm sure know, that can be tough.

I'd really appreciate any generosity from you great folks. A pizza tonight would be really, really awesome. Thanks so much.
[Request] Philly, PA - Moving into my new apartment tonight, and pizza would be a great way to thank my amazing friends who are helping out!
Unfortunately I only have about $30 to last the week, or else I'd buy everyone pizza myself. I will pay it forward the second I get paid next week!
[Request] family took off for family reunion, I'm stuck watching the house
I thought I would get my check today, really could use a pizza. Thanks.
[Request]Bit of a tough month, would love a cheer-up pizza in Lynnwood, WA
Hey Redditors,

It has been awhile since I've been on here. January has been a really rough month and I'm just having a pretty crap day. Here's how January went for me. Car broke down at the beginning of the month, which means I've been busing until payday on Friday. My Grammy passed away suddenly from complications from lung cancer on January 11th. Being alone in WA meant a very complicated and extended grieving process as I couldn't get down to Oregon until the day before the funeral. Came back up and found that on top of my car being broken down, my tire went flat as it sat there completely still and parked meaning I'll have to get it fixed and replace a tire now. Then yesterday I was on Skype with my boyfriend who is an Airman and already far away in Omaha and he got orders. They're for Japan. And he leaves in April. We had plans for his leave in June. Those won't happen anymore. So today I am just sad and teary and majorly craving pizza. I do promise to hop back on after Payday and pay it forward, I know how much a pizza can brighten a day!
[Request] Free pizza maybe?
I love pizza
[Request] Guy at work in need of food for a busy long night
Hey guys. I'm at work and hungry as hell. After work i have to head over to a gig doing video work for them. I'd love to get me a bite to eat but I don't have any money til friday. Be a friend? :D
[REQUEST] Missourian broke after spending $2500 applying to dental schools. Hungry and sick of frozen dinners and ramen. Assistance would be awesome!
As title says I would love some pizza love action tonight!
[Request] Come home from work exhausted, open my fridge and the only thing I see are packets of soy sauce
Rent was due last week and it cost me my whole paycheck. I'm literally broke til Saturday morning and have absolutely nothing to eat at my apartment. I would really love some pizza to get me through these next couple of days. I would really love any help and promise to pay it forward as soon as I get my financial situation back on track. I love you guys.


[request] (Tennessee) I'm really hungry 
I'm out of funds until Wednesday and there's no food left.  I'm really, really hungry and if anyone could help me out it would be phenomenal.  
[Request] Party Central - Everyone's invited!! Santa 
Fe, NM
Throwaway for obvious reasons. So, I finally got a job!!! I really want to celebrate with my friends and keep my spirits up. I would love whoever could hook us up with a pizza please. I start on Monday and won't get my first check for at least 3 weeks. 

I've been so down in the dumps wondering where my next meal would come from or how I would even get it. I've come from having a furnished living space to bare walls and a dream of being able to support myself again. I thought about committing suicide because I just couldn't see any end in sight to this. 

I want to thank my friends who stood by me and helped me in my search. A pizza can't repay them for all they've done, but it's definitely a start. If you're in the Santa Fe area, you are more than welcomed to join us. I hope someone can help me do something nice for my friends. Thank you.
(Request) Tired of Ramen Noodles Pizza would be nice Winchester, Indiana
I am currently unemployed was relocated to this small town and then downsized. Things are tough. There is a Pizza Hut in this small town and if someone was kind enough it would be appreciated.
[REQUEST] Florida
Haven't worked in a couple weeks and won't have money for another 2 or 3 weeks. Really looking to have some pizza to share with my family.
[Request] Crazy boss says he doesn't have to pay me for 72 hours.
Hey guys. Title pretty much says it all. I was supposed to get paid today (1st and 3rd Friday) but my anal retentive senior Asian boss says he doesn't have to pay me till Monday (closed Sunday).

I'm not starving to death right now or anything but I could really use some food for the sake of work tomorrow. If not thanks a lot for what everyone does anyway. I'll pizza it forward as soon as I can either way. 

PM for my info if you can. (U.S.)

*edit* forgot to mention had to put my jingles into my gas tank today to get to work. Hence the brokeness.
[Request] In Reno, waiting on payday
Hey guys, I just got a new job this last week so my first paycheck isnt coming for another 2. I'll have a bit of cash for groceries once I fix a friends PC but that won't be until Tuesday and I ran out of tuna and rice yesterday at lunch. If anyone can help that would be awesome.
[Request] Broke and craving pizza in San Marcos, TX
The tl;dr of the situation is that I haven't been paid in a couple of weeks and my roomate and I are craving pizza. I am willing to repay in the form of baked goods. Thank you!!
[REQUEST] Broke student in middle of finals and could use a full tummy.
Hello there! I believe in keeping things simple and to the point to display the best of honesty so here it goes...I'm broke! Literally, I have 58 cents, which i will be using tomorrow to purchase a blue book for my final. I could use a meal for my empty stomach. Let me know if ya can help a student out. Peace!

EDIT: Whoops! I forgot to mention my location. I live in the state of Arkansas.
{REQUEST} I can pay it forward next week [Ithaca,NY]
Hi RAOP! I'm currently a grad student and I don't get paid until next week and really really hungry. If anyone could help out with the gift of pizza (trust me, I can make it last for at least a few days), I will buy someone a pizza the day I get my paycheck in (I think it's next Friday). Thank you :D
Request Would love a Pizza in PA! Out of food til Friday. Will pay back!
We (myself and 4 kids) are out of food until I get paid on Friday and would love to have a pizza. I promise to pay it back right away when I get paid Friday!
 One pie will be plenty for the 5 of us and we don't need toppings, just plain is great.  We have Oizza Hut &amp; Domino's near us.
The kids  will eat breakfast &amp; lunch in school tomorrow and can share the big can of beefaroni tomorrow night. 

This really isn't as serious as it sounds, I do work full time and will have a paycheck Friday, so we will not starve to death if nobody gets us a pizza tonight.  We're kind of used to it and at least have relief on Friday!

Thanks for reading :)


[Request] two guys strapped for cash lookin for pizza
hey r.a.o.p, were two seventeen year olds looking for something to eat. only problem is between the two of us we have a whole seven dollars. if you all would be so kind as to PM me il get you back a pizza when i come across some money. thanks and have a good day!
not sude if this went through be4, new 2 this so, request
my family of 6 could really use a hot meal 2nite, i am sorry if this post has repeated, i am 2 this, still figuriing it out. i will gladly pay it forward 2morrow 4 any help 2day. please help. 
[request] just a hungry guy
Hey all, I hate that I have to be this guy, but I know you people are incredibly generous. My name's Chris, I'm 20 and I live on my own (in good old Cincinnati, Ohio). I am out of money and food (I literally have 35 cents and a can of beans /no hobo). I'm currently applying for all sorts of jobs so I don't have to be in this situation for long but I'm still waiting for something to come of it. On a random sunday evening, a pizza would be mighty fine.
[Request] Going on two days without more than a couple nectarines. SoCal with no AirCondit can really tire you out. :(
Big economy issues. I haven't eaten more than a couple nectarines since Thursday, and there's not much to eat in this house. I've got three little siblings with mental disabilities whom I would like to feed before myself, so...anything edible usually goes to them first. Anyway, yep, if you need any more info I can provide it.
[Request] Broke my bed! 
This is pretty embarrassing, but yes I broke my bed. I'm going to be sleeping on my mattress for a while and I have no idea as to when I can replace my bed. I also had to pay off an old medical bill, which left me with .22 cents in the bank. This is by far the most depressing day I've had in a very long time. I'm willing to show my bank balance and a copy of my receipt from the hospital. Please help turn my frown upside down.

I'm in Georgia.
[Request] Stuck in a motel room and broke with my long distance girlfriend.
Hello, let me give you the story. I was kicked out on sunday and spent two days with a friend. My girlfriend was coming in from canada to stay at a hotel room which was supposed to be booked at $280 dollars. When she got here, the hotel came out to 460$. The extra money came out from our food fund, and we had about $20 for food and it ran out. We have been eating the little bit of snacks we have and its starting to make us sick. If you could spare a pizza please do. &lt;3
(REQUEST) Starving and I don't get paid until tomorrow! [Denver]
I would love a pizza to keep me thru the day, I just discovered this subreddit and I would definitely love to repay the favor!
[Request] J'mangerais ben d'la pizza aujourd'hui. (Canada)
Hello! 
I'm in St-Ferreol-Les-Neiges, Quebec. I just feel like eating pizza. Unfortunately, I'm broke since I'm moving out soon. Also, I'm an unfortunate looking lesbian. 

;-)
[Request] Working on projects all day and would love some za'
I've locked myself away and am zealously working on several sites for a client demo this Tuesday. Za' would be greatly appreciated and fuel my desire through this stressful day.
[Request] Unemployed couple could really use a pizza
My boyfriend and I have been unemployed 7 months and 3 months, respectively. We aren't starving but we don't really want to eat beans for dinner tonight. It would be a huge treat to have a tasty pizza instead. We would really, really appreciate it.
[Request] Atlanta, Ga. This week is going to be 
tight due to rent and buying a new hard drive after 
mine commited seppuku, so I could use some help.
I know a hard drive sounds like a luxury but I do online classes and there's no way I would have been able to go two weeks without a new one and rent is due tomorrow. I brought all my cash together and have just enough to pay it and my water bill. I know it sounds kind of snooty, but I can't/won't eat ramen. I grew up poor and it was dbreakfast/lunch/and dinner for 5 days out of the week. It turns my stomach now. I understand that I've been pizza'd before but that was over a year ago and I have paid it forward. I would appreciate any help and will be able to return the favor either to you or a person of your choosing, or just a random hungry person. Thanks :)

EDIT: I have posted and received a pizza but at some point in my Reddit career, I deleted all mention of my ex, therefore, I have received before, but I have paid it forward. I deleted it without thinking I would use this subreddit again.
I NEED PIZZA request
I have not eaten for 9 hours i need some food. preferably a meat lovers lol. c: 
[request] I'm starving and broke until next paycheck. Only have cereal but no milk! Would reddit help me out with a pizza?? Austin, Texas.

[REQUEST] Georgia, USA I would like a pizza.
I just want a pizza. I'm tired of eggs, ramen, and grits. A pizza for dinner would be rad. That's all. Thank you.
[Request] Stupid exams are making me hungry. Will work for my food. In Auckland
I live in Auckland, New Zealand, so remember that. This can be part of the thing that I do. I have a car, so anything within 5 minutes of [this](http://maps.google.co.nz/maps?q=orakei+basin&amp;um=1&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;hq=&amp;hnear=0x6d0d49b351cf3399:0x2a00ef6165e1e540,Orakei+Basin&amp;gl=nz&amp;ei=rjG3TtrrB9CRiQeFpp3tAQ&amp;sa=X&amp;oi=geocode_result&amp;ct=title&amp;resnum=1&amp;ved=0CCEQ8gEwAA) (like 5-10 minutes or so) is fair game. I can probably make it down to the waterfront. Other cool areas are the former quarry turned residential area, the Auckland Domain, a marina, and an old train yard.

I have a Camera and a tripod, so I can take a picture of myself doing something crazy.

Edit: The pickups here are quite a bit cheaper, so if we organize it right, I can pick it up instead of a delivery. I am also partial to the Mr. Wedge from Dominoes, but beggars can't be choosers. :)
[request] worked all day, working all day tommorw and I'm broke until friday. I don't want to go to bed hungry!
There is really no huge story, I got pulled over last week and got a ticket ...so i'm  shortttt on cash. I'll be here Friday night to buy the next guy pizza!!!
[Request] Boyfriend broke up with me. Could use some comfort food Roanoke VA
My boyfriend ended our relationship of 7 years to go back to his ex. About 6 months ago he got back in contact with his ex and I really didn't think much of it. Alot of people connect on Facebook, Reddit, etc. so I didn't assume they were doing anything other than just chatting. Turns out his "late meetings for work" were actually times where he would go out with his ex. I only found this out a week ago when I called one of his co-workers who told me they never had any late meetings. I confronted him when he got home and he told me that he had been spending time with his ex and was in love with her. He moved out three days ago and I've been unable to leave the apartment. I'm so depressed and I still love him. I've been bawling my eyes out for days just hoping he would just talk to me, but I know it's over. I could really use some comfort food and I don't have the money to buy anything. I've tried to budget rent and utilities and with just my income, I'll barely have enough for food and gas to get to work. I know I have to get out of this bed, look for a new place and get my head together. Right now, I don't have the will to do anything. I hope someone can treat me to some pizza please. This would mean the world to me. Thank you.
[Request] WA Spent the last of my money on my sick dog.
I only get paid once a month and I spent the last of it taking care of my recently acquired rescue who isn't feeling well. Pizza would just make this day better, been up since 5am taking care of a sic puppy.
[request] hard up until friday
My roommate and I just had a bad week with rent and utility bills being due. Not wanting to get evicted and not wanting to have our power turned off we had to pay both of them off which has taken all of my money until friday. This unfortunately dipped into both of our grocery funds quite deeply.

If anyone would be so kind to help us out with a pizza, i'm 100% able to return the favor this friday when i get paid.

*edit* i'm in Ohio.

[Request] Jobless, rideless, and foodless.
First things first: I'm twenty and I live with my mother. In tennessee. There's pretty much a whole lot of things out of reach for me due to the fact of residential areas being in the asscrack of nowhere.
I'm an amateur game developer who's studying to actually start developing but can't really do that without fuel for attentionspan. It's complicated.
Anyway, if you send me pizza, I'll credit you by reddit username in obnoxiously huge, flashing letters in my first kongregate submission, Snap into a genocide (whose gameplay is completely unrelated to the title).
And if you're a pretty rad dude for lack of a better agendered word, we can be friends.
and-- while I would love any pizza, pizza hut's kinda gross in this area.
I live in shannon glen, which is in spring hill. I encourage you to googlemaps it and see why I'm requesting. Thanks!
[Request] I'd love to surprise my boyfriend...
There's a Domino's very close to where he lives, and I just wanted to brighten his day with a nice pizza! :D Thanks!
[Request] Poor engaged couple willing to perform non-sexual dares on video for pizza!
My fiance and I just spent the last of our money on gas, and we're hungry - willing to do stuff to make people laugh for pizza. 

Located near Indianapolis, Indiana

(edited for location)
[REQUEST] College couple, only extra money we've got is going to crazy overpriced textbooks next month :(
Just craving some pizza tonight. I'd be happy to repay the favor once the semester starts and financial aid gives us a little boost!
[Request] New job, no money until next paycheck. Can't even get lunch at work.
 I just started a new job about a week ago, and I have .62 cents in my bank account. Luckily I bought a bus pass to get me to and from work before I ran out of money. I'm finally getting up on my feet but right now is the hardest time for me. I would be homeless if not for my best friends parents who took me in. Please, it would really help me out... I know I can make a pizza last at least a few days. Anything helps out in these times.
[Request] (U.S.) A random pizza for a random redditor?
No sad story, just wanted to try for a random pizza.  Thank you!!
[request]  broke, sick, and hungry college kid in indiana, pa!
 i have $1.80 in my checking account and my school won't allow my roommate to use my meal plan to get food for me. unfortunately, i can't seem to get myself out of bed. i'm starving, and previously mentioned roommate likes to come home high and deplete my supply of ramen.  please help? (:
[request] 22 spent the last of my check on dog food. I can pay it forward Monday.
Near Charleston, SC. I just got a little behind this month. I'll give a pie out to someone on Monday, or I will give one back to the sender!
[Request]Broke till payday in NW Ohio. Haven't had real food in weeks. Will pay it forward when payday finally hits and I'm not in the red...
Hanging out, alone in my apartment with my cats, and if I eat ramen noodles one more time I might throw up. Would appreciate something real to eat. My account has been in the red for pretty much the last month. Just got my electricity turned back on since I have a deadbeat roommate...
I'll pay it forward as soon as I can.
[Request] Almost out of toast
Just trying to make it to payday on Thursday getting by on toast but the bread's almost gone.
[Request]  Does anyone have any good coupon codes? (Philadelphia area)
I'm a little broke, but not super broke.  I have stuff to cook.  So, I'm not really begging for pizza as there are other people who probably need it more.  I was just wondering if anyone has come across any good coupon codes recently... I know I've seen them posted here before, so I figured I'd ask.
[Request] $23 to my name and I have to spend that on gas. Help a guy out?
Lost my job about a year ago and have been unable to find one since. $23 is all I have left and I'm moving soon so I can't really spare all that much money. 

Would anyone help out? I would pay it forward as soon as I'm able too because I love you guys.
[REQUEST] [Alabama] It's cold,dark and snowy. Anybody want to send a warm pie my way?
It has been dark,dank and cold for the past few days and its been bumming me out. Could really use a pizza to help me warm up a little if anybody is feeling generous. Sorry for the repost it's my first time posting on this subreddit and was asked to include a general area.
[Request] Oregon Help me celebrate a jaw un-wired and forget about medical bills.
Back in late may, I ran into a pot hole with my bike. I hit the pavement face-first and lost some teeth/ broke my jaw. From june 6th to July 6th, I had my jaw tightly wired shut, and subsisted on smoothies, red lentils, and pudding. My jaw has been unwired, but I still have a bunch of dental bills to look forward to that I don't know if I can pay. Help me forget about the bills, and celebrate some pizza.

Proof: 

[Me before, pretty average awesome smile](http://i.imgur.com/9U9v9.jpg) 

[Me right after getting out of the hospital](http://i.imgur.com/Fmlzw.jpg)

[Murder hillbilly](http://i.imgur.com/QDlMc.jpg)
[REQUEST] CT, USA- 70 brand new teachers out of college are hungry... and broke. please help!
There are 70 brand new teachers coming for training on Monday (06/24). Some of them are buying their own dinner (yay!) but some of them flew or drove all across the country to meet in Middletown to start training. 

I'm a helper-outer-person for the non-profit training all these cool people, and I did the same thing last year (showing up to CT from 350 miles away) with zero dollars in my bank account. I don't want these people to have to worry about dinner on Monday. 

Something like a Big Y pizza would be best because it's the cheapest way to feed a large group. Anything helps, though!

[REQUEST] Michigan Would love some pizza tonight...
Broke until the weekend and barely have groceries :/ have enough to survive but I would really love pizza....I'm a known pizza addict amoungst my friends. I would be forever grateful!
[Request] Hungry during the holidays (Ann Arbor, MI)
I'm a student who just finished with finals, so I can't complain I need brain food or anything, but honestly the paycheck I received most recently was from Thanksgiving week, and I got paid about $140 less than I usually make. Because of this, almost all of it went to Christmas presents.  I tried to buy a bag of chips the other day and my card was declined. I have overdue bills, an empty stomach, and no way to fix either. I don't get paid until Thursday, which is approaching quickly, but not quickly enough. Please help a hungry Redditor out tonight with a pizza, I would be forever in your debt if you did
[REQUEST] Having trouble making ends meet. Just need some good food.
I have about -$5 in my bank account and a beyond maxed out credit card that I can't even make payments toward. I just moved for a new job and am not getting nearly as many hours as I was told, so with my apartment bills, truck bills, gas to get to and from work, I really only have enough to live off rice, ramen, boxed mashed potatoes, etc. Broke college student is broke and needs a break. So if somebody could find it in them to buy a pizza, any pizza, any size, any toppings, whatever, I will be forever grateful.
[REQUEST] Had no food for a week. (UK)
Hi, I actually hate asking for this but I'll pay it forward! Got laid off from my job and have ran out of food a week ago. I have been fine tho, but after losing weight my appetite has come back with a vengeance and I still have to wait another week before I get some support money. So have to put a request out there.
Thank you (:
[Request] Portland, OR. My hours have been cut, 3rd day off in a row, between paydays, and flat broke.
So I work at a small, single-owned restaurant, and with the recent heat my hours have been drastically cut. This is my 3rd day off in a row, and my last 2 shifts I was kicked out early because business was slow. Shorter shifts mean less tips. I live on those tips between paydays. My tips have run out, and I made my last ramen noodle last night. I'm searching for a new job because I can't live like this. If this doesn't work, my neighbor will give me some cans and bottles to return so I can buy more ramen noodles. But what would you rather eat, ramen or pizza? 
[Request]Hungry Alaskan looking for a pizza.
Chillin in Alaska, really craving a pizza. No story, just wishing I could have a full stomach of pizza. By all means, choose the guy above me, or below me. Doesnt really phase me otherwise. I'll probably forget about this anyways :)
[REQUEST] pizza for game :X
I have a copy of train simulator I can gift on steam, anybody wanna trade me a pizza for it? XD
[Request] Michigan. Student loans come in on Friday...my kitchen will be empty til then.
I've been in school for a few weeks and my food stores are running low, and can't be filled up again until my loans come in. If somebody can gift me a pizza today I will 'today you, tomorrow me' this weekend!
[REQUEST] Pizza for family of 5 in Georgia. Had a rough time in r/foodpantry and r/assistance.
Tried getting help but to no avail. Trying to figure things out for the long haul but until that happens we are still hungry tonight. Any help would be much appreciated. If you would like a drawing, or picture or something, please ask. I'm not much of an artist but I want to give back somehow.
[request] kid broke leg needs a smile
I have a 6 year old who broke his leg today, he is very sad because he cannot go outside and climb. My wife and I have no money to eat out because we had to pay for his medical expenses, bills, and food this week. Please help me put a smile on his face tonight. 
[Request] My friend's house was robbed last night.
Hey RAOP, My friend's house was robbed last night and I want to do something to ease the shock of it all. I figured the best way is through the power of pizza. The delicious power of pizza.


[REQUEST] Who has 2 thumbs and would really appreciate a pizza? THIS GUY.
Getting hungry and mom forgot to leave me money when she went to work, anyone feeling kind or random?
[Request] I don't have a sob story. I just want pizza at 3 in the morning.
It's about 3 in the morning and I want pizza. I have no sob story, made up or otherwise, to entice you to give me some of your extra dough for pizza.
[REQUEST] Tulsa, Oklahoma USA
Hey guys, I'm really hungry. I could tell a sob story but I won't bore you. I get paid Friday and I will promise to pay it back to someone in this subreddit if you could be so Awesome as to grant me a pizza. End of story.
[Request] Reseda, CA. 21 yr old broke girl with cramps.
Being a girl isn't fun sometimes. I need pizza.
[REQUEST] Just gotta make it through to Wednesday, Austin, TX
Money is scarce this time of year. I've had a lot come up recently, including gallbladder removal. Since then, I haven't attempted fatty, greasy nor cheesy foods because I'd feared for the reaction my body may have, but I'm not sure what else I could request aside from pizza. Money is super tight at the moment and I just can't spare the money to purchase much in terms of food until Wednesday. I made a request on Monday that went without a response and I deleted it. I wasn't aware that was a bannable offense, but learned so from the RAOP chat! Just wanted to bring that to light!

Thank you for your consideration!!!
[request] Ontario, Canada. Would you help save our Pizza Pthursday?
I've been laid off since June and while my wife makes enough to keep us (us and two boys) afloat; we've had to cut way back and we've been living without any extras. Great news is she just got a raise, which she'll get on her next pay check. RAoP'ers, would anyone care to help us into this home stretch with one crazy night of cheesy goodness? Thanks for listening.
[Request] Scotland, broke hoping for some pizza &lt;3
Hoping for some pizza. No sob story, just feeling hungry, thanks :)
&lt;Request&gt;Finally got hired out of college! Want to celebrate but still poor as sin
Just got my first job out of college and it's actually out of the country (Brazil). It actually starts in October so still a bit of time to wait. Just need to get the specific type of Visa required etc. Anyway I want to celebrate but lack the funds. A pizza would be great! In the DC Area.

{Request} Brooklyn Mom and her 3 daughters hungry for pizza. 
Payday is days away and the girls would like pizza. I am seriously tapped out. I am talking down to change. I just found this Random Acts Of Pizza when I came to Reddit for a different reason. I promise I will pay it forward on payday. Can anyone help me make my deserving daughters happy today?

Thank you kindly
[REQUEST] Running out of Peanut Butter. Survival at stake. CA, South Bay.
Hi all...

I've hit one of those lows. I have $1.95 in the bank and I ran out of the spaghetti I was eating once a day a couple days ago. I spent 30 minutes looking around the house for loose change and managed to find enough to get some peanut butter which is remarkably filling and has kept me relatively satisfied since. But it's running out and before I start pawning things off I thought I'd try to look for my own personal Pizza Jesus. Thank you all for the awesomeness that is RAOP.

[money](http://imgur.com/LTQk5.jpg)

[what I have survived on for two days](http://imgur.com/jn6Eh)

Needless to say I will contribute at my first financial opportunity.

edits: spelling. because that's still important.
[Request] Albuquerque, NM -- starving!! 
Hey all. I recently have gone completely broke. .90 cents to my name. I recently applied to graduate schools, and paid rent as well, so I have nothing to my name until next week, when I get paid. If anyone out there can help me out, I would immensely appreciate it, and would return the favor after next Friday (1/11/13).

Thanks. 
[Request] Tucson Arizona USA - Just a Student
Got caught up in some debts that have kept me from getting food for the past month, leaving me with whatever I've had in my cabinet, which is almost at its end. I finally get paid next Friday, and was hoping to get some food for tonight
[Request] Will draw horrible cartoon of your choice if you buy me pizza
I quit my job because my boss told me I needed to dress more provocatively and wear more makeup to get more tips. I super want a pizza but I am out of money and I'm not having any luck finding a job. I'll draw a picture of whatever if you buy me a pizza :)

[I never said I was an artist](http://i.imgur.com/H03cf.jpg)
[REQUEST] Just found this site, and my family would love a pizza...
Hello, I just heard of this site. My family is going through some rough times right now, there are 4 of us, my father, my 2 sisters, and myself. My oldest sister and I are out of work. My father was too, but he just found a job a week or so ago. My sister and I have been looking for jobs for a while, but we only have one car at the moment, so it's hard to find an employer who is willing to work with someone else's schedule. I have applied at all the places within walking distance to our house, but we live in a really small town, and all of our small-town businesses are suffering. We've been spending the past week packing, because we are in the process of losing our house. We do have food stamps, and they definitely help, but we're out until the end of this week and would really love a pizza. We live in Georgia, Eastern time zone. The pizza places nearby are Pizza Hut, Little Caesars, and Domino's.

This is my first time using this site, so if I do something I'm not supposed to, I won't be offended, please let me know!
[Request] Tennessee - Craving a pizza in the worst way :D
Help any others that NEED pizza first, but I am hardcore craving a 'za and it would make my week. I will be paying it forward with my paycheck next week as well :D Thanks for your consideration!~
[Request] UCLA student with 3 dollars to my name.
I just paid the last of my bills, and now have 3 dollars in my wallet. I wont be getting any more money for at least 5 more days, and currently have 2 packets of mac and cheese to eat. Not exactly sure what I'm going to do, my stomach is really starting to hurt from not eating. I feel pretty weird asking for food like this but I love this whole operation. I'd promise to pay it forward soon as I am able!

I'm in Westwood, CA...
[REQUEST] Young, touring band in need of sustenance, preferably pizza, in exchange for music. 
Hey everybody,

My band and I are from Chicago, and we are in week two of our 5 week tour. The 6 of us have nowhere to stay tonight in southern Oregon so we pooled our money to get a hotel room. Since we have no show today we don't have a venue to provide us food, so a hot meal would be much appreciated. In return, we have merch to offer you or we could send you the digital download of our debut album. 

We would be more than grateful for any help, our moms are worried we aren't getting enough to eat. Seriously. 
[Request] AZ- out of work, and would like to eat some real food please.
Hey everybody. I've been out of real work for a while, and all my part time construction money is going towards bills. I would really like to eat something other than top ramen while I look for a job. I will be eternally grateful and pay it forward the day I can. There will be so much pizza being given out you guys won't even know what to do. Thanks for reading.
[Request] McLeansville NC I've been sick at home since last Thursday. Anyone wanna make my day?
I've been stuck at home with an upper respiratory infection and ear infection since last Thursday. On top of that, I broke my pocketwatch while swinging it, and I broke a bracket on my braces while gnawing on a cough drop. A random act of pizza would make my day :) 
[Request]  College grad in between housing and jobs.  Staying at a friends while he's gone.  Don't have any food while he's gone. NYC
My friend is helping me out by housing while i find a place of my own, but he's out of town and doesn't have any food in his place, and he's out for the weekend.  If anyone could help me feed myself this weekend I would be happy to pay it forward when I'm on my feet, thanks!
Request - College student having a rough week
I'm supporting myself okay, and got a part-time job recently, but I haven't been getting enough hours so my food budget has been grim (think basic chicken + rice, pasta, sandwiches). I won't get my financial aid until next month, and most of this summer I've spent working/trying to make rent. 

Could definitely use a pick me-up pizza tonight if someone is willing to help. 

Edit: this is my first post on this subreddit, so please correct me if I need to add any info/etc.
[request] Hungry for a pizza in Oregon
I've been staying with my cousin for a few days. I'm broke and have been running off the very minimum. I would feel wrong about taking from his cupboard, as it is nearly empty as well. Perhaps we could both appreciate some pizza.
(Request) Broke post-college bachelors
Broke. Been broke, I'm with two of my buddies, we all got out of school a few months ago and are stuck in the void of trying to start a career with a mound of student loan debt :( Spent the last 5 dollars on cat food, could someone send us a pizza so we can eat too?
[Request] Just looking to eat some pizza tonight [Southwest Ohio]
~~I'll just be honest - It's Saturday night and me and friends want some pizza. We're broke Italian teenagers with nothing to eat. It would be greatly appreciated if someone hooked us up with some za.~~

It was worth a drunk try.
[REQUEST] Any random acts of pizza going on in the UK?
Trying to save up money to go to make-up school and its been 6months since I have eaten a pizza. If I keep to my strict saving I will be able to enter my school by January!! Would love to taste the lovely stuff again. If anyone would like to help a Londoner out I would be very grateful. If I make it in the make-up world I will give you a free make over :) 


[request] Florida US Cant pay rent and am losing my house in 5hours...

[Request] -Edmonton, Canada - Broke College Kid who loves cheesy goodness
First time here, I have been living off of canned/packaged foods, which gets old fast. Since I can't afford to treat myself to cheesy goodness, can I please get a pizza? Please and thank you!
[Request] Houston, TX USA Craving pizza bad but broke!
Recently had to pay my rent so now I have no pizza moneys. Assistance would be grearly appreciated :D
[Request] Vancouver, Canada. My lovely gorgeous friend always brings me food because she knows how broke I am and I want to be able to return the favor somehow.
She always feeds me and her boyfriend, who is my roommate because we are both penniless students. I love her and I want to give back so a pizza would be loved, ate and appreciated!
[Request] Illinois, Just started new job after being unemployed for three months
I was depending on my tax refund for food, but it appears that is tied up in a dispute I'm having with DFAS. A large pizza for my boyfriend and I would be appreciated.
[Request] Broke art student, trade services for pizza (Graphic work)
I am a graphic artist (3rd year in college) and I will do a graphic of any kind (logo for your Facebook page, TV show themed graphic, graphic of your favorite thing, repair a picture with Photoshop)

Here are some examples of my work:

[One] (http://imgur.com/lxNCsuS)
[Two]  (http://imgur.com/q3PEtwm)
[Three](http://imgur.com/VGGzkbE)
[Four] (http://imgur.com/ZLfaNi8)
[Five] (http://i.imgur.com/5lGYNucs.jpg)
[Six] (http://imgur.com/iNbLAMf)
[Seven] (http://imgur.com/cdJ4mVe)
[Eight] (http://imgur.com/gaKtm1V)
[Nine] (http://imgur.com/9KjM4n3)


&lt;3
[Request] no reason, just seeing if this is as awesome as its cracked up to be.
Bonus: bees. http://imgur.com/a/zjHQs

[Request] Spent the afternoon looking for a better job, and all my $ on school supplies. Anyone in a giving mood?
I'm exhausted. Would love to treat my little ones to a pizza dinner, but am cash poor at the moment. Never asked before, but, did win a contest like a year ago. Would love some pizza hut if anyone is feeling generous. (no one else delivers to me) Will pay it forward in the near future. :) Thanks to all the generous pizza givers here! 
[REQUEST] Pizza is requested for hungry fella D
i got fired from my job around 2 months ago and now im really broke and trying to get some food.  im a new redditor in kansas city metro (technically in prairie village) im watching my moms house and she bought no food and would love for a friendly person to provide pizza.  will reciprocate for pizza provider at some future date :D 
[REQUEST] I'm just graduated high school and turned 18 and I'm having my first meeting and I could use a little help
I recently turned 18 and graduated from high school and I'm a YouTuber.  Currently, being apart of the partner program does not bring in that much (a few cents a day) and I'm having my first scripting meeting with some other content creators.  Money is tight and it would be much appreciated if someone could help feed the brains of a couple of teens working on their passion.

P.S.  I'll list you in credits for "Executive Producer".  It's Star Wars related.  In fact, I just finished learning lightsaber FX (finally), I'll link the video testing.  [VIDEO](http://youtu.be/TD6JiAJzXRM)


(Request) In bed with strep throat and can't leave the house. could really use a pizza
Ive spent most of the weekend in bed with strep throat. I cant afford the doctor so I'm eating expired antibiotics a friend found in their medicine cabinet. Anything would help.... 
[REQUEST] Cardiff, Wales. Feeling down.
Left my job last month due to anxiety issues and depression. Money has last a bit but the last bit is about to disappear. Partner is also off work due to illness and has been in and out of hospital and doctors offices for months.

Don't have anything in for dinner and just thought I would try and see if it was possible to get a little pizza please.

I haven't used this subreddit before I will be honest. I did give a guy portal 2 back in March though! Haha I don't know. 

Hopefully I will get a job and return the pizza favour!

x
[Request] College students with $8 in the bank starting the semester hungry
Second day of classes and I'm low on funds and food. A friend is here with me in a fairly similar situation and we're low on hope as well. Won't someone lend a hand to two lads from Danville, VA?
[Request] Yup yup. Uh Huh, Arizona. Yuuup, yup yup yup yup, uh huh :(
Yup, Yup Yuuuup, Yuuuup, Uh huh, Uh huh. [Phone](http://imgur.com/chd7g) Yuuuup, Uh huh uh huh, PapaJohns? Domino's? Yuuuup, Yup yup yup yup yup yup, Uh huh! Yup, uh huh?

Yup yup yup yup uh huh, uh huh, uh huh, yuuuup. Uh Huh.

Yup,

Yup Uh Huh
[REQUEST] All the way broke in Phila, PA
Not into sob stories, but I AM into honesty and NOT being hungryas we all should be). Im unemployed at the moment. My roomie/best friend is out of town and has been for a week. Ive sustained off the groceries we had but the fridge is going bare. I've got really good friends coming over tonight and I want to show them I care. Help me out? I can eat the ramen noodles.. I jus dont want that to be what I offer my friends... u kno? Its appreciated!! &lt;3&lt;3
[request] i'd just like a pizza. no sob story. 
i live in New Mexico. Life is pretty good. ups and downs, just like everyone else. i just like pizza, and can't get any. no papa john's in my town though. 

[Request] Jobless for two months, thought I'd have found something by now...
I used to work for a magazine company as a designer. There were multiple red flags that it was a really terrible place to work. My boss was nuts and employment there was like a revolving door. He fired me without cause about two months ago and since then I've been struggling a bit ands currently starting to sell possessions in order to buy food. I live in Chicago, IL and would really really appreciate a pizza... Thank you 
[REQUEST] Norfolk,VA all ouf of food and love.
Trying to get a job. I've been submitting resumes and going to job fairs. I'm so close to getting one however I am broke and have nothing to eat. My dog ran out of food so she's going on a little "fast" too. It would be a blessing if someone lent a helping hand of pizza. Also I am an artist and would love to sketch up something if you help out.( or whatever you want me to sketch)  
[REQUEST] Starving Canadian student(s). Will do an acoustic guitar cover to a song of your choice in return for a pizza. 
Hello RAoP! We are  Canadian University students who are very hungry and very broke! One of us also plays guitar and will cover any song you want as long as its not something too obscure.
[request] Wanna give my friend's 5 year old pizza for his b-day tonight!
I'm an employed woman that lives alone, I make enough to take care of myself, but no extras. I am going to visit a friend who is celebrating her youngest's 5th birthday...I bought her a cake, because she spent all of her money on buying him a Yu-Gi-Oh set of cards and toys but I'd really like to show up at the door with dinner for them. I wont be ordering it this very minute, not for a few hours even but there is only a Domino's in our town. Please help and I'll try to send pics! :)

My email address is rainbowsmoothie_elaine@aol.com, I wont be able to check reddit but I should be able to check my email from my cell phone! Hope this works!
[Request] UK, Home alone for the 3rd night in a row and would appreciate a pizza to keep me going.
Nothing too drastic, and I can live without, but I wouldn't say no to a pizza right now. 
[REQUEST] still in need of help please.
I am really hungry, not too broke but i need the rest of my money which is only 23$ to last me until Monday (i get paid) , and i still need to buy gas for work, my fridge is empty. No sob story im just honestly really hungry and would like it if someone could donate me a pizza and i would love to repay the favor to the giver or someone else on the site, idk maybe we can work somethings out. Thank you.
[Request] Will work for food in Reading, PA
I have been unemployed since March of 2011 through no fault of my own. I have taken odd jobs and sold everything of value. I'm not looking for sympathy, but perhaps some understanding if you've been in this situation before. Things have been bumpy for me, but I have kept faith that things will look up. I spend my days looking for work, following up on applications that I've submitted, and just trying to figure out how I'll get my bills paid. It has been mentally and physically exhausting.

My bills are paid but I am down to a few cans of peas and ramen. I won't be able to buy any food until next month. I would love a pizza and savor every single bite. You have no idea! Simple things like going to Mc Donalds or even just going out to eat at any restaurant..I haven't been able to afford to do this. 

Because I'm a man with pride and work ethic, I would like to do some work for you. If you're near or in Reading, I am offering to clean your attic or do some yard work. If you're not near Reading, I will offer my computer skills to you. I can help you with anything Microsoft office related. 

I am not new to Reddit, despite what the bot may say. This is my first and only request. I am seeking to work for a pizza and I hope that this is allowed. I know this is random but please consider me. Thank you for reading my post.
[Request] Stoned roommates eating all my food :(
My roommates have all decided to smoke some weed and as a result are taking away the much needed nourishment of a college student. Would like a pizza please.
[Request] one medium pizza
I live in Minnesota and its -40 today with the windchill and they made us go to school. Me and my friend would really enjoy a pizza. My friends username is sparklebear3000.
[request] Somerset UK would be well up for pizza tonight !

[Request] Surprise shelter staff with a pizza!
Just heard about this and rather than request a pizza for myself I thought how fun would it be for a surprise pizza to show up for the Adoption and Lifesaving staff at the animal control shelter I volunteer with several times a week.  Its a rainy and miserable day, the shelter is extremely overcrowded meaning the days are stressful and filled with tough decisions being made for space.  I wouldnt want them to know its from my request but just a random act of Pizza sent there way for all their hard work.  
The staff are there until 8pm Eastern time.  Im actually headed over to walk some dogs this evening and would love to see them enjoying a surprise pizza :)    Even if we cant make it happen tonight..maybe another night/afternoon this week.  
Pizza can always make a bad day a little better!

[request] Kentucky soldier in need
hey there gods and goddesses first I want to thank you for what you all do. 

now on to my condition. I recently got in a car accident, the bills aren't too bad but they took them all out of my account at once so now my account is overdrafted and I have no food to eat till I get paid on Monday. please help me out, ill pay you back and pay it forward to someone else.
[Request] Pizza for lunch? Kissimmee, FL
I have no real need for pizza, except for the fact I'd like some for lunch. Lunch is at 3PM today. Help turn a craptastic day into an pizzatastic day :D
[request] jobless, broke, just had to get rid of my car. USA.
Really need some cheering up and nothing would do that like a pizza pie. 
[REQUEST] Plattsburgh, NY. My girlfriend just got out of the hospital for flipping over the handlebars on her bike. luckily she will be okay but, ...
we are broke and she has no health insurance and we are starting to freak out about how we will pay this bill when it comes. She is a wreck and all i want to do is see her smile and there is one thing that does this and it is pepperoni pizza. Thank You RAOP! 

P.S. She doesnt know i am trying to do this, and she is a redditor but doesnt know of this subreddit, so let's keep this between us for now.
[REQUEST] Hungry medical student in Philly
Just found out I have about $20 to last me 2 weeks. There is a delay in processing my student loans, so I'm left a little high and dry until that happens. My family has no money (literally unable to give me even a $100) and they're in a different state, so I can't ask them for anything. I'm a little embarrassed to ask, but I've been a redditor for a long time and just stumbled across this amazing subreddit.

This is something I will payback multiple times when I finally get back on my feet. It sucks to be in this position, so I can't wait until I can help someone out, too!

{REQUEST} Baby born 7/30/11 after 17 hours of labor  (Tulsa, OK) 
Help my wife and I celebrate the birth of our first child with a pizza. Wren was born at 6:00 pm on 7/30/11. She weighed 7lbs 12oz and 19.5 inches long. I have used the verification system and have lots of pictures that I need to upload.
[Request] Money stolen, any help?
I just got my money stolen today and that was my money for food the next 2 days that my parenrs are away. can anyone help out with a pizza?         
It would be hugely appreciated. (My dog would be very appreciative as well.)

Also, location is The Delaware county area of Pennsylvania.
[Request] Need some help down in Florida.
I feel terrible asking and to be honest if my girlfriend ever knew I was doing this she would kill me but I don't really know where else to turn. I lost my job and everything we have is about to go into rent so that we don't lose our home. If anyone out there can help out please PM me, you have no idea how much one good meal would help out right now.
[Request] Arizona Need some food to get through today
***************I already posted before but I forgot to put "request" in the title. Not scamming.***********

My name is Jonathan. My mother and I receive food stamps in the state of Arizona. We get them on the 7th of every month. Normally they last but this month we had some trouble stretching them out. Today is the 6th and we have no food left in the house and we are just one day away from receiving our food stamps. Enough for one pizza for tonight would be great. That's all we need. We'd appreciate your help. We can give any verification that would be needed.
[REQUEST] Hungry for pizza Australia &lt;3
Anyone wanna buy a guy some pizza from down under i am close to Sydney need your help hungry now!!!!!
[REQUEST] I had knee surgery, and some pizza would help
I had knee surgery, and I've been wanting pizza. I was hoping I could win a contest but it's been a no go. I just really want some pizza. Oh and I can't go anywhere because I'm on percocet, kind of sucks ha ha.
[REQUEST]Sydney,Australia.Missed a paycheck, and literally broke. Can't feed my kids right now. Some help would be appreciated.
HR somehow managed to stuff up my pay this week, and was unable to purchase any groceries at least until monday.

This might sound like a sob story, but I literally have nothing to feed my kids tonight.

Will provide photos for proof if needed.

I was gonna [Request] But now I don't think I can.
I was going to request a pizza for tonight, I've been in money trouble and waiting on two jobs to call back, but unemployed till then. But I'm a college student and I can still eat reliably so if you looked at this post and considered sending me a pizza, **send it to one of those folks who has people to support!**

*
[Request] I'm a broke college student, and starving. All I have is 0.00243364 in bitcoins to my name. Maybe it will be worth a pizza someday? :)

[Request] West Virginia. Super broke for a few days and would love some pizza. 
After rent, my portion of the utilities and a few groceries, I have less than a dollar in my checking account. I get paid every other Friday and this is an off week. I did grocery shop, so I won't starve, but there is only so much ramen (with egg and sricha!) that one can take . tonight is my night to hunker down and do all the homework. So if any kind soul wants to spot me for some pizza tonight, that'd be pretty awesome. :) 
[Request] WI-USA   Nothing but WATER until Friday.
Long story short;

 Stuff happened.  I'm all tapped out, and have no family or friends to ask for help.  Local pantry isn't until first week of June and by then, I'll be back in the way positive again.

Come Friday, I'll have 3 paychecks.  Figure the luck on that.



Please!  Having nothing to eat/drink but water and it sucks.
[Request] Hungry, Broke, and Finally, not too proud to ask for some help.
Ive been unemployed for over a month, and have actively been looking for a new job to no avail, and well, as such I dont have food (no really I dont mean all I have is Ramen kind of no food, because well, even Ramen costs too much) and me and my roommate are starved as our other three roommates try to preach live together die alone and then only take care of themselves. So Im here today Random Acts of Pizza to ask for some help, Id literally sell my soul for some coffee and pizza. I understand if theres someone who would need it more for instance people with children, in fact  I ask you pizza them first, but I would greatly appreciate a Pie &lt;3
[REQUEST] Florida, Absolutely broke!
Sitting on negative 240$ in my bank account.  Have worked sparingly the last 6 months, just enough to pay rent/utilities.  I haven't had my phone for 2 months because I can't afford that, first time I've ever had my phone shutoff since I've had it, 10 years. 

Of course I will buy someone else a pizza in the near future as well!  Anything helps!  Thanks guys.

[Request] San Diegan who would humbly appreciate some 'za (pizza, lol)
Hey all, with mom overseas working as a translator for the military the fridge at our house maintains a steady rate of being... 20% full, so there's not really much of anything edible in my house outside of oatmeal and canned soup. I do really miss moms home cooking but shit, at this point, this far deep into the void that is Finals week, I'll take anything that has substance in order to keep me moving, haha.

Much love.
[Request] Mississippi.  Saving last $20 for Thanksgiving gas.
I live on a very tight budget and the ends just didn't meet this month.  A pizza and the bit of ramen and rice I have left will hold me over until the end of the month.

I am currently in training at a local waffle house.  I will be cooking eventually, but I'm training on tables for now.  Unfortunately, male waiters don't make tips for squat around this area.

My last $20 (mostly quarters) is to be used to drive from Jackson, to Vicksburg, and back so I can visit my dad for Thanksgiving.
[REQUEST] Need to eat having a real rough time.
About a month ago I lost my job and my wife and I were barely able to get by and we got a bit of help here and there from family and friends and a pizza from a great redditor.  Unfortunately things got worse.  I still havent found a job and three nights ago my wife moved out because "im not providing so why should I stay".  And while I know she has a point ive been left more or less crippled at home.  No job.  No money from no job.  No car now.  And she took the cat...  And ive spent the last moth sellung anything I can to make money.  Im at around -500 in my account because I overdrsfted to make my phone and lights stay on.  My phone is my only means of computing or communication I sold the cokputer.  Anyways I havent eaten in a few days and only vary sparingly before that and would just like a pizza to make me a little less depressed.  Any help would be greatly appreciated snd anything I can do back I would in aan instant.  Thank you
Requesting a Pizza 
I'm a college student who can barely afford to keep my apartment right now. All my money has gone to rent, utilities, and gas to get to and from school. I don't have any food right now so I would greatly appreciate it. 
[Request] Watching Money In The Bank tonight... Would be better with pizza
Got a few friends coming by tonight to watch the PPV we're all broke as s**t, and would like some pizza to fuel us through the night. (We're in the UK so the PPV is on at like 1am till 4am)
[REQUEST] [OREGON] Broke/Foodless House!  Ent looking for some pizza but there's a catch: Send me a $7.99 2-Topping from Dominos and get re-paid by yours truly MONDAY.
Who wants a pizza on Monday after a hard day at work?
Help a guy out :)
(Request) Oven broke! I'm also broke (Upstate NY)
Not exactly urgent, but my oven is currently broken and I don't have anything to eat that I do not have to cook somehow. Pizza sounds great tonight, but my bank account is drained (damn cell phone bills!). I will pay it forward at some point if someone buys. There are others more needy than I am though so if you feel someone else needs it more (i.e. families), please do it for them instead. Just thought I'd post this on here in case anyone was feeling generous.
[Request] Putting a request in for a hungry friend in Sydney, Australia. 
Maybe a bit of a longshot here but, if anyone would be willing to chip in that'd be awesome. I could explain her situation in detail if you'd like to hear it. 
[Request][UK] Student in dire need of food!
It's been nearly 3 days without a proper meal. I'd really appreciate it if somebody could provide me with a pizza, and I can promise that Monday (when I finally receive some money) I will be helping another user :).

I don't care what food really, I'm just starving right now.

[Request] Hit a deer last night and have to come up with $500 for the deductible. Im broke and hungry and a pizza sounds amazing :)
Title says it all. I will for sure return the favor after my next paycheck. Thanks either way ;)
[Request] For two unemployed graduates away from family on Christmas!
I've never done this before, but figured as it's Christmas there may be a kind soul out there who would like to buy my needy friend and I a pizza for our dinner. Sadly each of us fall into the hopelessly unemployed graduate archetype, and this is our first Christmas away from home. We're currently huddled around my laptop for warmth as we're too afraid of turning the heating on. We would be more than happy to pay it forward when we find jobs. We are located in Berkeley. Thanks for taking the time to read this and we hope you're having a happy Christmas day!
[request] Help keep me fed until I head home for Christmas. 
I figure that between a pizza and the rice that I have left that I can eat at least until I visit my family for Christmas. I've set aside the money it will take me to catch a bus to join everyone for this "holiday tradition", but buying anymore food will be very tight until about Jan. 2nd, when my next paycheck comes in.
Happy holidays to everyone regardless of anything else. You people are all amazing and I wish you all the best!  
  
This is an Xpost from r/randomactsofpizza
[REQUEST] HUNGOVER BIRTHDAY GIRL WOULD LIKE PIZZA!
My best friend, who I haven't seen in THREE MONTHS!!!, came into town last night to celebrate for her 23rd birthday! Being it was my duty to show her a good time last night that she would never remember (until the pics make it Facebook...mission blackout accomplished) it is my duty to pamper her and take care of her today....and she would LOVE some pizza to cure her hangover!!! :-) 

Sincerely,
Extremely hungover yet amazing best friend ;-)
[Request] I'm a student, my account is at $-60, I have rent and bills coming up, and I have no food whatsoever. Any help is appreciated, Pizza or not. (CA)
I have to survive somehow until next Friday, when I get paid, until then I have to survive day-to-day and eat anything I can find. On my way home from work, I remembered this sub-reddit, I'll be happy to pay it forward regardless if I get helped or not. This situation has made me realize what how difficult tough situations can be.
[REQUEST] China - Studying abroad. For about USD$11.50, I can have a medium pizza that will last me 2 meals. Online ordering in English.
This is my first request. I'm a student studying abroad in China, and a recent illness cost me a bit more money than I anticipated. I have over a month left here, and I would really appreciate the help.

You can check my post history for proof of my studies, and I have a verification code. Please let me know if you have any questions, and, if you're able to help, thank you so much.

[REQUEST] bunny fairy pizza in the uk?
I have the post-festival blues despite being accompanied by my boyfriend and a bunny fairy in a sexy tu-tu. Please fill the gaping void of sadness beneath my boobs with some glorious, glorious pizza so i may convince my boyfriend the bunny fairy is real and that we wasted (/not wasted) one of the wishes on pizza.
[REQUEST] SC Couple on Our Last Leg
I'm a student who is currently looking for work.  My husband works long hours, but (after a series of unfortunate and close-together events) we are completely BROKE.  In all honestly, it's inspired the kind of creative cooking that is fun every once in a while.  Alas, we just ate our last bag of dry beans and our bank account is over-drafted due to unavoidable bills (will send a screen shot of bank account, if desired).  I'd like to say that we could pay you back soon, but until I find a job that's a promise I can't commit to.  I do, however, plan on getting more involved in this community once we're back on our feet.  I love reading about the kindness of strangers and would love to participate soon!  I'm planning on going to our local food bank tomorrow if this doesn't produce any fruit...I hate to do that because there is always someone in more need than I am, but when you're on your last packet of ramen, things get desperate!  Anyways, thanks for reading and happy reddit-ing!  
[Request]Sydney, Australia just randomly felt like some 'zza
Yeah. I get that there are plenty of people in need. I'm not really, got all the standard food that students live off of. I just felt like something meaty as heck, so here's my request. Equally happy to have someone local and lonesome come and join me for dinner and bad Australian television. Bring a dvd or something!
[request] Lansing, MI. 3 preteen kids and 2 toddler twins and 2 adults Looking to procure a pizza if you deem us worthy
payday is not till next week and ramen noodles only stretch so far with the big littles. nothing fancy cheese if more than enough to please. thank you
[Request] In need of cheesy sustenance in Southern MA.
Hello, everyone! I'm new to this website. I was chatting with someone on a different website about how it totally sucks when you're really hungry and someone calls you up telling you all about the awesome food they just made. It ended up turning into a talk about how I've only got enough food in the house for my little one to eat until Saturday (which is when my food stamps refresh). So they linked me here! I didn't even know that something like this existed, it is amazing~

I've got to work tonight at 5, but my place of employment is right next to a Dominos, so carry out would be the best option, if anyone is feeling generous today. I'd really appreciate it!

Thanks for reading!
[Request] Don't get paid till friday, could go for a pizza. Om nom nom
Happy to pay it forward on friday :) Columbus, ohio here.
[REQUEST] Very Hungry Family
Us + our two children. A family member who is usually here is in the hospital and the last few days have been hard for everyone. There is really no food to speak of and we won't be able to get anything until the 24th. 

Full disclaimer, someone did get us a couple of pizzas 17 days ago. I feel like I should be honest about this being another request after a somewhat recent one from us. But we are stuck in such a bad situation this month, we called food banks to see if any of them could drop off some food for us (but none will deliver, even if you have no transportation, which we don't) and with $1.51 to our name right now, this is all I could think of. 

Thank you for reading and considering our request. We very much hope to be on the giving end of things someday.
[REQUEST]I will gladly pay you on tuesday for a pizza today
So I'm sitting in the living room of a lady friend of mine shortly after we have watched the movie Bad Teacher.  We are hungry, but sadly, shortly before I arrived for the movie, the contents of her refridgerator was removed for a little bit of maintnence and de-icing.  The dumpster is full of lost dreams of dinner, that sadly spoiled.  Anyways... I introduced this girl to Reddit tonight, and we happen to be hungry.  After about an hour of laughing our asses off at her reddit innocence, I remembered Random acts of Pizza. We want her first time to be unforgetable and satisfactory. THANKS!
[Request] Lincoln, NE I would like to not worry about one thing.
Hi. These last two weeks have sucked, and I would really appreciate not worrying about one thing--namely, food--after all the torrential bad events I've experienced. In short:

* Moved out of my dorm, physically exhausting myself by lugging all my physical belongings up three flights of stairs. 

* Learned my grandma has likely-fatal leukemia

* Got rejected.

* Car broke down. Towed for all the money in my checking. Problem not found, magically starts running again.

* Had to miss a week of work due to lack of transportation--less money, more problems

* Discovery that I can't cook well, and I don't have the cash to spend to improve my cooking skills (read: buy a cookbook, or a good square pan, or microwavable dinners).

* My other grandmother, the gentlest woman I will ever meet and the guiding role model in my life, passes away suddenly. 

* Car breaks down again. AGAIN. Fortunately, it magically restarts AGAIN, and I don't have to have it towed. But it's almost guaranteed now that whatever is going wrong is going to be expensive.

* I get a sunburn from the funeral, and a mysterious rash from apparently holding a rabbit.

* Grades come back. I am officially beneath the required GPA necessary to keep my scholarship. 

Aside from the food courtesy of the funeral, I haven't had a decent meal in maybe a month due to stress, finals, and lack of cooking skills. I would like to have a few days where I don't worry about hunger. 

[Request] Pizza for a broke and hungry Seattleite?
I'm a 22 year old guy living in the outskirts of Seattle. I lost my job a couple months ago because of anxiety issues and have been barely making it by. I'm practically down to my last packet of ramen. =(

I have an exciting job opportunity now, and if everything goes well, I should be starting next week! I'll dedicate my first pay-check to you guys and offer someone else in need a free pizza!
Please help me out, reddit! =)
[REQUEST] I'm a broke drunk college student (California)
you know how good pizza is when you're drunk!! holler at a girl and if you're in the area i'll save you some for breakfast tomorrow
(REQUEST) Prov, RI I'm flat broke
I need an e-gift card for Dominos, I will pay it forward as soon as possible. My situation: Lost my job a few weeks back and just ran out of money yesterday, I have a job interview tomorrow and I would really like to not arrive at the interview while starved. 
[Request] Just woke up, I could really use some pizza
My buddy told me about this sub-reddit just a moment ago and I thought it was silly. I guess I'll post a request but if nobody replies that's great too. (I hope there aren't any rules that I'm missing if I did please let me know.)
[request] AZ, US, hardworking engineering student with $0 could use 2p radians of pizza!
Starving student, just making it by, have a few finals tomorrow and some pizza would help me get to sleep without hunger pangs and would allow me to have a little something to eat before my tests!
[Request] West Chicago suburbs (Elgin)
I was just informed that I have been retroactively fired on May 18, 2011. I have been out of work with an injury and I was just about to go back when I got this lovely news via email. As you can imagine this has thrown me into a panic over how I am going to pay for rent and food. It will all work out, it always does, but things look a bit bleak at the moment. I would love a pizza to eat while I go over my resume! 
[Request] Poem for food NY
(I will write you a poem/haiku about whatever you want for a pizza.)

I got up hungry    
Because my roommate is cheap    
Pasta is not good    

My roommate and I take turns doing the grocery shopping, and this past week he ended up going. He brought back two cases of ramen, a 12 pack, and smokes. The 12 pack he downed himself the first night, his cigs are gone, and we are left with these little nasty packages of ramen. Sad part is, the receipt didn't add up to what I originally gave him. Can someone out there help two friends out with a meal that isn't soggy noodles? If you help us, your haiku will be posted for all to see. We will also supply [pictures](http://i.imgur.com/b0VNB.jpg), as that's just how we roll =)  
[Request] North of Austin, TX - House we're renting has been foreclosed on and we could use some comfort pizza
Hey Reddit, looks like my family (me, wife, 3 kiddos) have to move house ASAP -- our landlord was foreclosed upon. We're handling the temporal stuff as best we can, but we sure could use some comfort pizza to help us out sometime in the next few days. We could even use the pizza boxes for packing! :-)

Thanks in advance, will definitely pizza it forward once things settle down here.
[Request] Depressed and very lonely... completely broke, a pizza meal will really cheer me up
I am really down in the dumps and a hot, steaming pizza would make me very happy. I'm really cold and tingling, nothing could fill me up better. Thank you so much for your consideration

Milpitas, California
[REQUEST] Rainy day blues. Cold socks. Empty Stomach.
It poured rain her this morning. Some asshole drove through a puddle and splashed me with water after cutting me off at a cross walk. My socks were wet all day at work (I knew I should've worn wool). Also, my barber wasn't open today.

It's not that this was the worst day ever. There were some good things that happened today and its stopped raining, but that bad morning really left a mark. I need some pizza.
[REQUEST] The Netherlands - Would love to have an 
Pizza!
I would love to eat a pizza, have not eat one in ages. 
is there anything i can do to obtain one? 

also i am a master in MS paint, and could draw anything you would like!
[OFFER, REQUEST] Might be the wrong place...
I've been really craving a pizza.  Don't have the money, and that's a story for another day.  Today's story is this.  I have four general admission lawn seats to the Rockstar Enery Mayhem festival featuring Disturbed, Godsmack, and Megadeth.  The show is today in West Palm Beach at the Cruzan Amphitheater.  I'm trying to give them away.  If someone wants to throw a pizza my way, that's awesome.  If not, that's cool too.  Would love to be able to give back to someone who has been helping others, so verified givers will be given preference.  Obviously this is short notice, but they are electronic tickets and I will send them to you right away.  

Hope someone can use them.  
[Request] Pizza for my girlfriend?
She is hungry and I have pretty much run out of decent food to eat in the house.  I don't want her to suffer from another night of ramen and water, can anyone please help me out?



*EDIT*

I am in the Wisconsin area, if it matters.
[request] Turlock Orphan, looking for last good meal. 
So you can read my iama about the whole orphan thing. Basically i have nothing left, and its my last night staying at my friends house in turlock before i go back to palo alto, all ive been eating here is ramen, and i was hoping maybe reddit would be able to help me have one last good dinner, before i have to live in a shelter:). 
[Request] Broke Kansas college student that would love a pizza to get through this paper. 
Like the title says I'm a broke college kid that's working on a paper. I could do with something a little better than beef ramen if possible. I'll be sure to pay it forward when I start my summer job here in a few weeks. 
[REQUEST] Three year redditor needs food, badly
I went over my current fiances, and I 'think' I can make next months rent. But involved in that process has been cutting down what I eat, and especially how much. I've been basically living on beans, rice, pickles, and potatoes. Now don't get me wrong, I'm glad to have anything. But I'm a little worried about what the lack of variation is going to do to my health. And I'll admit it, even more I just miss tasting a thing that has a flavor. 

I've been posting on reddit for over three years now, for what that's worth. I think more important is the fact that one of the reasons I don't have money now is that I wound up donating a lot of it to the homeless when I did...and then I lost my job. 

I do work now, but my total income is far below minimum wage. And I'm just scraping by. A pizza would mean more than most people would guess to me. I posted [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/comments/iite6/thanks_what_pizza_can_mean/) about a week back, about what someone's gift of a pizza to me a while back, before this subreddit existed, meant. That's where the meat of my sob story is. 

tl;dr: Lack of food makes me rambly and I beg for pizza. 

(REQUEST)Just paid my first months rent and now my paycheck is gone (besides gas money) Murray, UT
Help I'm hungry!!
[Request] [UK] Just home from a 2 hour drive and would love a pizza 
As the title says, I would be more than happy to pay it back/forward when I get paid next week. 
[Request] Celebrating the New Year alone on campus i
Not quite sure how this works.. This is the first New Year I will be without any company. I think there are about 4 other guys living on my floor, but I don't know them. Of course, I can't finish an entire pie by myself so I would love to share with them as well! 

I'm here on campus to get some work done before the new semester starts. For the past few meals I have been subsisting on just rice water. In return, I can offer a (poorly) drawn on Paint picture of your request! If you could help, it would be really appreciated. Thanks and Happy New Years to everyone!
Request for my 5 year old 
I am here because my 5 year old son has been sick off and on since just before Thanksgiving. He has had everything from strep throat (3x), ear infections (3x), sinus infection, pink eye, and the flu. He has now had vomiting and diarrhea and intermittent fevers since January. He has had several blood tests and labs done and we're hopefully getting the results back tomorrow. He has been tested from everything from food allergies and parasites to some pretty serious diseases. As of yesterday he has been feeling a bit better and is feeling up to eating something other than soup. I told him a while ago that once he was feeling better he could have whatever he wanted. Well, my little man has chosen pizza and unfortunately I just don't have the funds to do this right now. (only have a dollar and some change in the bank) So, I'm hoping someone can be my little boys pizza hero before he's not feeling up to eating.
[Request] Vermont, USA. Having a miserable day, hungry and completely broke. Details inside. 
I have been stuck inside my room all day because I had a huge, blow-out fight with my roommate and I don't want to see him. I have no food here and also no money, and can't leave because I have nowhere to go and there is a thunderstorm outside. I have received a pizza before, a couple months ago, and also given one in /r/Food_Pantry. I have $6.30 in PayPal also if someone would like to trade. Thanks for reading!
[request] NYC, NY USA Would love to eat some pizza since I'm super broke :(
I havent eaten all day, I would love to eat something tonight. First time requester, please be nice :)?
[Request]Will do almost anything for a small pizza.
Boyfriend broke up with me and There is nothing to eat at my house.
 [REQUEST] Embarrassed, but hungry. 
I made a throwaway account because I hate asking for things :( 

But I don't get paid until friday and I had to pay auto repair shit (hit a high curb) I was wondering If I could get enough to purchase just 1 pizza from pizza hut and a drink. 

I can buy a pizza for the person on Friday when I get paid.
[REQUEST] Spending Thanksgiving week unemployed and alone...
...and I think the title pretty much says everything I can say about my sad and sad life. Haven't even left the house today. 
[Request] Home Alone While Family's On Vacation, Don't Get Paid for a Week and Have Almost No Food.

[REQUEST] Laid up in bed on workers comp with a bad back. Can I have a pizza please?
So I work for state mental health agency, I recently hurt my back breaking up a fight between a few of our kids at work and have been out on workers comp. which has delayed my normal pay so I'm a but broke. My neurosurgeon today told me I'll require surgery to fuse two vertebrae together. Now, I've never had any kind of surgery before, so it's a little daunting to think about. I'm very optimistic about the procedure though, and I feel I lucked up with a very good cutter handling my issue. Pizza would make me feel better though, that comfort food thing we all have at times. Can anyone help a partially broken and broke guy out? 
[REQUEST] No food until the second... pizza gestures?
FORGOT TO PUT LOCATION - RHODE ISLAND

So there are three of us living here. Two adult males, and an adult female. 
Somehow our finances were completely drained this month. no food, no money, paycheck isn't coming until the second, and we're apparently too rich for food pantries. 
Our resident artist has said she will draw anything you like, and our resident... something has said he will thank you profusely as he has no discernable skills that can be applied to the internet. (he's really good at RPGs. doesnt help here.) 
Now there are a thousand pity stories all over the4 internet, so we decided to add a bit of proof. Pics of bank account, fridge, etc. 
http://i50.tinypic.com/28iw93n.jpg
http://i46.tinypic.com/dbnjac.jpg
http://i49.tinypic.com/2637kw3.jpg
and yes this says we're 0.75 cents in the red. 
http://i46.tinypic.com/xo08j4.jpg
[REQUEST] cold rainy and broke college girl, could really use some help
I just paid my rent with the last of my financial aid money from last semester and Im sick and tired of eating canned meals. I feel like I'm a survivor of the apocalypse. Would a kind redditor help me out with a cheese pizza. More than willing to pay it forward when I'm in a better position.
[Request] Poor Canadian student, no food and would really love to eat something.
Pay day isn't until Friday and I'm hard up.  I would greatly appreciate any help. 
[Request] Oakland CA You send me a pizza tonight, I send you a surprise gift of the same value!
I'm feeling adventurous. I'm also running low on cash until payday on the 10th. I'm in the spirit of giving, but would like to toss things up a bit- if you buy me a pizza tonight, I'll send you a surprise gift of equal value! 
{request} Broke, waiting for first paycheck
I just got a new job and am still waiting for my first paycheck. but i don't have any food now. my job is at a restaurant but i have three days off in a row. i'm using my free time to provide phone tree legal dispatch for my local OWS protesters. Anybody want to feed a broke worker?

[REQUEST] Earthquake Pizza?
Anyone would be so kind to send me pizza? My lawnchair fell over and it was devastating to me and my family. My mother couldnt cook today because of this. We just sat together today recounting the tragedy that occured upon our lawnchairs. A day like today makes us grateful to be alive.
[Request] Deliver me some Mike Illitch Pizza Company Pizza - Dearborn, Mi
I got the money but I'm stuck at work. Would anyone brave the mean streets of Dearborn, MI to bring me a Little Caesars Hot and Ready? I can pay pal you the cash in front of you, or charge my register the amount.

To be clear, you only need to purchase the pizza upfront and I will be happily pay you the 5.30 for it.
[REQUEST] Single Dad Wants Better For Kids
I just found this site through CNN.  I am deeply touched reading all of these posts.  Both from those in need, and those looking to help.  It is amazing to see people helping each other this way.  There was a point when getting a pizza meant nothing.  It was more of an escape from cooking for the night then a special treat.  Those days are long gone.  In the last year I've gone through a divorce and lost my job.  I do get unemployment, but I'm $500 in the negative every month with just the standard bills, not counting gas or food.  It's a round robin of who gets payed each month based on the impending shut-off notice.  TV service is long gone, and we wouldn't have the internet if not for it being a major part of the job hunt.  We've learned to live on what we have, and I'm grateful to say my kids are too young to fully appreciate where are at four and five.  I make sure they're fed, but I can never give them anything above and beyond that.  It would just be really amazing to be able to surprise them with a pizza some night.  Believe me, I know how fortunate I am to have a roof over our heads, and a car that works right most of the time.  And there are people I'm sure who need so much more than we do.  And as soon as I'm in a position to help them, I guarantee I'm going to be on here doing that.  God bless all of you.
[Request] Binghamton, NY
I'm a BU student and can hardly afford groceries, let alone pizza. A real hot meal would mean so much and I appreciate anything any redditors here can do.

Peace and love,

midnightwalrus
Request: Mother trying to make it through the weekend
Mother out of Tampa Florida with two beautiful girls who I would love to treat to a special pizza dinner this weekend. Can't really afford to do anything extravagant for my daughters so I was looking for help to put a smile on their face with their favorite food.
[Request] A honest description of budget woes. I hope to end these couple of weeks on a good note.
For the past couple of weeks the college campus here has taken away a majority of money. This last week has been the worst as I contracted the usual bout of seasonal illness. Recently I had to fill in applications to stay in their dorms for this summer, and also this fall. This has come with the unfortunate circumstances of rules, vague descriptions, loopholes, and lots of spending. Turns out that if I only sent in one application for /both/ summer/fall at the time the summer applications were due, I would only have had to pay 40 dollars instead of 80. Loopholes! D:

I do believe someone else definitely needs a pizza more than I do, and while I am finally getting better, I would like a pick-me-up from this frantic week. There's about 2 dollars in my account right now, and this is not enough for a pizza.
[Request] Hey guys, is your refrigerator running? Mine no longer is. (<U+FF61>-_-<U+FF61>)
My fridge is busted, my house now smells like death and all the food (mostly delicious thanksgiving leftovers which I so looked forward to eating) is ruined. My landlord said he will replace fridge this week, but in the meantime I'm hungry and broke. Will someone help this girl out with some pizza? Thanks in advance from Cali.  
[REQUEST] A minor celebration to hopefully the start of something meanginful.
I won't pretend I would go hungry without this delicious doughy cheesy love, but I do have a story.  I just emptied the little money I had left in my bank account to register for classes at my local community college.  I never finished my degree and left and worked at a big company making good money for a while.  When that came to an end I moved and had no clue what to do.  I have been looking for work for over 2 years now.  I just recently had to move back home, and I am incredibly lucky to have a mother who would even allow such a thing.  She still has two pre-teen children at home, and works incredibly hard.  Hopefully I can be a positive influence to everyone now that I am living with my fam.  I know my little bro is going to love the three drumsets I brought home (he just started learning).  He seems genuinely interested in music, and I know that's one thing I can really help him with.  Even though I didn't work over the past few years, I have had some great experiences that really started to give me direction.  I am lucky enough to be able to live at home now, and go back to school.  My goal is to get back into a University in a years time, study in intnat'l business and economics and live in Europe for a while (I love to be the foreigner and there is so much to see!).  I kinda did everything backwards, but I am actually excited about working towards my goals.  I would love to celebrate this new beginning with some pizza, but the few bucks I have to spend for myself are going towards bills and I want to take my little bro to go see the Hobbit tomorrow when he gets off of school.  Like I said, I wouldn't go hungry, but pizza seems like a good way to celebrate the first step in changing my path.

We all must face the consequences of our actions, and I want my actions to finally start having beneficial consequences.  A part of me is scared that I will just fail the whole college thing again, but I know I more mature now, and can accomplish what I want out of life.  Fear is not an excuse to not try.  Thanks for reading!  I know my story isn't unique, but it is mine nonetheless.

edit:  I guess it would be useful to know I live right near Google HQ in San Fran Bay Area.
[request] and [challenge] - south american RAoP ?
it's new year's day here in mendoza, argentina, and everything is closed.  no delivery.  no supermarkets.  no (few?) gas stations.

i've just moved into a temporary apartment while the mother and brother of a friend with a new baby stay in my apartment.  and i don't have much for supplies in the house-- i haven't had time to stock up on much other than gatorade and water.  not even a bottle of wine.  i think there are a couple of bananas and an egg...

is anyone up to the challenge of getting me a pizza today?  i'm in central mendoza (chile and colon)

i'll pay it forward. if you hook me up, i'll hook up someone up back at home.
[Request] I have a huge pizza boner right now and my tease of a wallet it giving be blue pepperonis!!
O sweet reddit bless this hungry young chap with the pizza of my dreams.
[Request] Hungry guy in MA wants to believe in random pizza
No money to buy food right now but if someone would be kind enough to feed me I would be incredibly grateful and promise to pay it forward as soon as I am able to!

Thank you reddit!
[Request]
Help a needy family of 4 in Cali?
Hello, we've posted before when we first got to Cali back in August, but never got a response so we thought we'd give it another shot. There are 4 of us here, 2 kids and 2 adults, just looking to see if there are any kind people out there willing to help us out with Dinner tonight. Haven't had the best of luck since we got to Cali. Yesterday was Halloween, but kids didn't get to do anything other than go hang out at church cause we couldn't afford to do costumes this year. 

If there are any kind heart'd people on tonight willing to help us out this one time it would be great. I'll be able to donate $10 to someone on the 18th, i realize it's not much, but I've seen others like myself on here seeking help so i'm going to try my best to do help them out whether someone helps me or not. But once again we're asking if there are any kind heart'd ppl out there willing to help us this time we'd really appreciate it. 

Thank You &amp; God Bless
[REQUEST OH] I live in the worst part of my town. My family doesn't have much money, so I haven't eaten in the past three days. Will draw for food.
There is a total of six people living in our small apartment. There isn't a much income coming in because it's extremely hard to find jobs out where I am. I've been doing odd jobs for the past six months or so just trying to scrape together money to help my grandma pay for our rent.  
I only eat a couple times a week because there isn't enough food to go around.  
If someone sends us a pizza, it would hold us over for about a week. It would be greatly appreciated.  
**EDIT:** I live in Youngstown, OH.  
**I will draw and send you a picture of anything you want as payment.**
[Request] Laid off for a few months now. Not starving but I'd love to treat my 2 boys and I to a pizza. (Virginia, US)
That's about it, I suppose. My wife fortunately makes enough for us to scrape by but treats are rare these days.

[Request] Recently unemployed broke college student
So i recently got laid off from my Minimum wage job due to a back injury. I've fallen on some hard times, I have money in my saving account but, i'm saving it for renting a tux for my best friends wedding. Will pay it forward when i find a stable job
[Request] Hospital food sucks... how about a pizza instead?
Posted this yesterday, no luck. Just wondering if anyone out there might have a pizza to spare for someone who is out of luck temporarily to enjoy a pizza!

I'm from Houston, TX.

I've been lurking here for several months, and for some reason this was the first place that popped in mind since I got home.

Me and my Sister were in a car wreck last Thursday. We got T-boned in a parking lot by someone who apparently thought talking on their cell phone was more important than watching the road or applying the breaks... Fortunately it was just her and I in the car and they hit the back passenger door, because had they of hit just a foot or two up, I don't think we both would have survived.
We were both taken to the hospital in an ambulance, and my wallet was left in our total'd car which was towed. Hopefully it wasn't stolen or anything and it's still where I left it in the car.

Anyway I don't want to ramble, but to sum it up, my Sister and I would be very grateful to anyone willing to help someone out in a tough spot with some pizza. When things get settled out here and I get back on my feet(literally!) then definitely plan on returning the favor to someone who's in a bind and could use the help.

Thank you so much!
[Request] Texas USA
Hi raop. If you couldn't tell by the username, I am broke. I have about 50 dollars to my name to last me until August 30th. If you're wondering why this is a throwaway, it's because I have family who know my main username and I don't want them alarmed at my current situation.

I was recently let go from my primary job and have about 12 to 16 hours coming in from part time work when I can get it. On top of that shitty predicament my car sprung a leak in it's cooling system and until an acquaintance can get to my city to help me do repairs i'm reliant on bumming rides off of people to get to/from work.

Suffice it to say a little pizza would go a long way for me while I try to get back on my feet. [Here is the only thing I can think to provide as far as proof](http://i.imgur.com/trd9c.jpg). Not really sure if there is something I am supposed to do otherwise, I just found out this subreddit existed a few days ago.
[request] a hungry girl and her cats, in california
Pizza?

[1] http://i.imgur.com/vc2kG.jpg 

Bonus picture of failed attempt to get my cats in on this:

[2] http://i.imgur.com/r4b2j.jpg 

and cats previously mentioned:

[3] http://i.imgur.com/Uw9eW.jpg 

[Request] Majored in philosophy. Seriously broke.
There's no getting around how few jobs require Kant and Nietzsche. Can I get a little help?
[REQUEST] no food in the house at all
me my mom and sister with 3 dogs and we got nothing to eat. even the dogs are out and we been feeding them our food the past couple of days so they wont go hungry. now we have nothing to eat and nothing to find in the cabinets to make anything. we would love to have something good to eat. 
[Request] No heater for the rest of November and December
Hey guys, my heater broke down and I won't be able to pay for a new one for at least two months with how work, my classes and such are treating me. It's a harsh world out there, but I'm asking for one extending hand to reach out to me and offer me a hot meal. It'd be great to know that someone cares about your well-being. Thank you if you decided to read



Edit: I'm still very hungry and in need. Please help me out if you can
[Request] Pregnant and hungry. Pizza please?
Just had to shell out most of my paycheck on 2 new tires for my car, and now I am very low on $ till I get paid on Friday. I have plenty of baby food for my son for the week, but I am 7 months pregnant and hungry :) If anyone could help out, I would really appreciate it! I can provide verification. Thanks! 

Edit: Im in Northern VA
[Request] Midwest Ky. Been eating Ramen for 5 days now... could really use a pizza. 
I am stuck staying with my parents for a couple weeks in one of the most backwoods, behind the times, boring places ever.  There is nothing for a girl like me to do around here, and [this](http://untitled38057.tumblr.com/post/27547768540/ladelthia) is me. I don't quite fit in down here. It is very .... country here. The one redeeming factor is that they do have a few pizza places here. We have Dominos, Pizza Hut, and Papa Johns! I have literally been eating the same three meals every day for the last two weeks. I eat cereal for breakfast, a bologna sandwich for lunch and ramen for dinner. I could REALLY go for a nice pizza to wake my taste buds up from this coma. If you guys could help me out with this, I would greatly appreciate it! I will even take pictures of me eating that delicious pizza and post them for you guys to see! Please and thank you?  
[REQUEST] cut open my foot, can't move around, would love some dinner tonight.
I was working in the kitchen when I elbowed a steak knife that was on the edge of the counter (I didn't notice it, foolishly) and it fell onto my foot... Proof is in the a post to r/health on my page (this is a throwaway account).

I'd be grateful to anyone who could help me out with getting a pizza. I can't go to an ER until tomorrow (the only time I can get a ride to do so). 

If further proof is needed I'll take another picture of my foot with a date and time card next to it. Thanks in advance to anyone with offers.

I understand that this is an odd post and I'm embarrassed about it, honestly, but I can't work in the kitchen to make top ramen tonight, hell, I haven't even cleaned up the mess on the floor yet. :/

Edit:Got to an ER. Still haven't eaten and can't walk. Would still love a pizza if anyone's willing.
[Request] Hungry in Portland OR.
Hello RAoP. I simply don't have money left after paying bills this month. I finished off the last of the rice earlier today and there is literally nothing left in the kitchen to eat. I ran out of options and am starting to get really hungry. If anyone could please help me out I would be extremely grateful and willing to do anything i can to repay you! Thanks.
[Request] I have chronic pain due to arthritis and have been having a really high pain week.
I have chronic pain due to osteoarthritis primarily in my left hip and all over my body because of my insurance being useless at letting my doctors actually do anything. This past week has been an extremely high pain week and I'm hoping a pizza will help with my really low morale and depression. Thanks for reading.
[REQUEST] Pizza in NC
My Son and I are at home without any way out due to car issues.  Will be able to pay it forward at the end of the week, but would love to share a hot pizza with him tonight.
[REQUEST] house sitting for a friend, he has my car, and not a single thing to eat in his fridge, anyone want to help a fellow out?
im in philly area, 19128


THANKS!
[Request] Puppeteer in DC... Late checks mean I had to choose Rent over Food-- now have $10 to last two weeks! A pizza would be a lifesaver!
It's a big deal to ask for this, as I'm the first to admit that I am very independent and hate asking for help, but I've got nowhere else to turn. 

Story: I'm a freelance theater artist, and I depend upon a steady stream of checks from my various performing and teaching gigs to stay afloat. However, this week two theaters where I teach failed to send my payment, and while I've worked it out to have those missed payments added in a few weeks, I'm currently down to $10 to last me for food for the next two weeks! I am almost out of food at my house, and I've finally accepted that I can't just tough it out with no food for two weeks... so I'm turning to you, the Reddit community, for help!

If you are able to help, I would be extremely grateful! Thank you for reading!


EDIT: I accidentally a sentence.

[request] I was not approved for a loan for the fall semester. I am going to be evicted from my dorm on Wednesday and will have to get odd jobs until January. Please make me smile.
I appreciate all of you.
[Request] Waiting for new job to start on Monday...
Been out of work for two weeks, but my new job in NYC starts on Monday.  It'll be another two weeks before my first paycheck and it's getting scary putting everything on the credit card.  Pizza sounds awesome on a Saturday... while I sit at home and catch up on some new episodes of adventure time...

[Request] Just moved into college, starving, have no food, job starts in two weeks. Have admissions letter to prove it.
Hey you guys, I just got accepted to Syracuse University and just moved in, however I realized that I'm absolutely broke and I won't have a roommate until next week. I'm starting a job on Monday, September 3rd and would appreciate it so much if someone can hold me over until then or as much as possible.

EDIT: Just took a picture with timestamp of my acceptance letter. Can PM if needed.
[Request] I'm a broke NDSU girl. I had a dream about cheese pizza.
I have been working odd jobs the past month just to pay off a knee surgery and make rent. I had a day dream about a slice of cheese pizza and ramen just isn't cutting it right now. Will you help out a lonely Fargo girl?
[Request] Only have enough money to make rent, no food in apartment
So as I stated above its rent time and there is no food in the house. I just need to hold off for a few days til payday but a pizza would help the week go quicker. I am from Southern California. Never done this before but I will definitely pay it back once I have a bit more leeway in my budget.
[Request] AmeriCorps VISTAs that work on anti-poverty programs in Northeast Ohio would like some pizza for lunch today!
I am part of a team of four AmeriCorps VISTAs about 45 minutes south of Cleveland Ohio, and we only make around $900 a month. If you don't know what AmeriCorp is, check out www.americorps.gov. Two of us work on a financial literacy program that offers classes on banking, credit, etc., and myself and another person work on a program that helps empower individuals to become self-sustaining through education and a community based mentorship program.

I would really like to get my teammates pizza for for lunch today. I'd get us all pizza myself if I could afford it! We typically all bring in our own lunches, but sandwiches, bagels, and leftovers are getting a bit old. 

Thanks in advance! I can, and will, provide a picture as a thank you. 


[REQUEST] My roommate has had a terrible day, and I'd love to surprise him with pizza.  Details inside
Hello! :)

My roommate is a 19-year old college student who has a beautiful baby girl (who was born while he was still in high school).  The mother is a year younger and takes care of her while he is at our apartment for university - but he heard today that his baby is sick and in the hospital.  He can't miss class, so he's stuck hours away from his baby in our apartment worried sick.

In addition, while riding on a bus to class, he took his keys out (it was about to storm) and put them in his hands to get into his car immediately after exiting the bus.  He left the bus, but apparently forgot his keys, and had to wait outside as it stormed for the bus to loop around (takes anywhere from 20 minutes to 45), then found out that the keys somehow made their way onto ANOTHER BUS, so he had to go back to campus, chase down the bus they were on, and finally get home.  All during a storm.

I'm broke for a few days until I get some money, and I'll definitely pay it forward down the line when I have some money to spend, but if someone could spare a few dollars and help get my roommate's week back on track, I'd love you forever.

EDIT: We live in Baton Rouge, Louisiana
[REQUEST] cheese is what makes my world go 'round.
hungry pre-vet student in chicago studying for midterms would love a small cheese pizza from papa john's.  it would make her and Chessums very happy.  http://a8.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc7/s720x720/377322_153562588077598_100002715727381_169060_1155192583_n.jpg 
[Request] USA, College student, stressed about finals, would love pizza to help calm my nerves

[Request] Hungry college kid stuck at school
Title kinda says it all. I'm working over break so I don't get to go home until tomorrow night. I work at a restaurant and while everyone else is home for the holidays, my tips have sucked (talking like &lt;$10 a night). I'd for sure pay it forward as soon as I got the chance, I just don't want to spend what little rent money I have on food for the next 2 days. 
[Request] I don't really want pasta or buttered toast again. [Minnesota, USA]
I have food in my house, just not much, or a decent variety. I've been having English muffins/buttered toast, and pasta with Alfredo sauce for the last few days, and there isn't much else to eat. I'd really just like to have a pizza for dinner. :) If you can think of any kind of (free) digital gift I could give you (something bitchin' on Photoshop, for example, or maybe some photos of my puppies), let me know, it'd be the least I could do.

Thanks in advance!
[request] Iowa;  Haven't ordered pizza in a year, would be tasty?
I bought a new motorcycle yay!  http://imgur.com/a/lZZQz

Just got my helmet and gauntlets in today. Just excited to share, not really relevant.

 I haven't ordered a pizza in the 2 years I've been in Ames.  I just don't like the idea of a poor guy driving a pizza out to me and feel obligated to tip well.  Unfortunately I don't have much money so I don't order pizza.

That didn't stop me from buying a bike 0_o.  I only eat once a day, usually dinner after I get done working all day.  It doesn't bother me, in-fact my stomach is tiny now and I don't even notice I'm hungry.

I might go take a nap but I've always heard about this subreddit but missing the domino's pizza contest made me hungry for pizza, it'll subside after a day or 2 I hope but in the mean-time I wanted to post.

I went from 6'1 186 pounds (still skinny) to 163 pounds apparently this not eating stuff is really good at cutting weight.  I was trying to put on weight (muscle) though.  Pizza doesn't really help with that though, don't know why I have a craving for it.


(Request) Redditor girl down on her luck, can someone send pizza? (MN)
Hey,

Just a simple request for a girl going through some tough times. My elderly dog is being put to sleep tomorrow and there is nothing in the fridge tonight, and I'm already broke as it is.

I'm in MN, and I'm willing to provide any other information via PM, including verification if that is necessary. Pizza Hut or Papa Johns would be amazing for tonight, definitely would love something to go right for once, even something simple like this. 

You guys are already so wonderful, I will return the favor to another redditor once my bank account isn't hurting so bad.
[Request] Austin,Tx. Super broke. Bad times.
I've had ramen 3 times a day for the past 5 days straight, and often more these past few months. Lost my job because my Fiance had a nervous breakdown over her brother dying and I had to take time off to take care of her, and it just got worse and worse and I got fired. Like for coming in tired from dealing with her, etc. Just requesting a pizza for change of pace. Thanks.
[Request] - NY - negative 400 in account, would love a pizza
so yea, thats basically it.  in between jobs, have literally -400 dollars in my account.  would love to be able to go pick up a pie for dinner.  any one feeling generous?
[REQUEST]Kind of hungry, very broke (HARTFORD, CT)
Hello good folks of RoaP! I have heard of this mythical land where kind redditors help other redditors eat the most wondrous of foods and I figured "Hey, I'm a broke redditor who enjoys pizza. It's worth a shot!"

I won't bore/lie to you about how I'm homeless, jobless, deaf, or anything silly. I am simply a kind redditor of just over a year who would humbly like some pizza. As soon as I am able, I will gladly pay it forward in the future (Paydays are Wednesdays!)

All the same, thanks so much to you kind folks, and keep up the random acts of deliciousness.
[REQUEST] In a weird twist of fate, I am kinda stranded and very hungry. Help greatly appreciated and I'd love to pay it forward when I get home! 
I spend a lot of time between NYC and Washington, DC. Spring break is officially started and my usual arrangements are all in a worst case scenario kinda way, exhausted. My parents are out of the country, my fiancé is on a ship, phoneless and I am here very hungry. Ask me anything you want to verify! 
[REQUEST] 3 HARFORD COUNTY, MD teens home alone while mother is out...
My mother left for work around 6:30 this morning and will more than likely be home extremely late tonight, being that my cousin is in the hospital &amp; she's gone to see him every day since he's been hospitalized. She left us $20 on the kitchen table, but my sister was called into work &amp; needed cab fair. Now my brother, sister &amp; I have nothing to eat today. We won't die, but help would be greatly appreciated.
[request] bored, hungry, pizza?
bored, kinda crappy week, would really appreciate a pizza. don't have a domino's here, so either papa johns and pizza hut. thank you in advance &lt;3
[Request] Airman stationed in Africa looking to surprise his wife
Hey R+, So here i am in africa for the past few months. About 2 weeks before i left for Africa my wife and i had a beautiful baby Girl. My wife is still back home in Warner Robins. She has taken care of the home front and done quite well at it. It has been hard on her though, She is new to the states (&lt;1yr) and the bit of seclusion and being stuck at home with our baby has kinda worn her out. 

I am looking to try and surprise her and brighten her day a bit in different way.  If anyone would be willing to help out We Both would greatly appreciate it. 

IN Summary: We live in Warner Robins Georgia, Wifey is kinda bummed w/ me being gone and i am trying a different route of brightening her day. 

PS: I do have a verification code, (not sure how it works) 
[REQUEST]
Don't get paid until Next week, would like to enjoy a pizza for the holiday weekend with the kids, i would truly appreciate anyhting.
[Request] Pizza to release some stress for a night. 
    I feel really down that it has come to this but, I have been out of work 3 weeks now and money is really scarce.  During this stressful time I wish to have a night of relaxing and a nice pizza.  The hunt for a new job has and still is quite challenging.  Food is pretty tight as well and I am waiting for my food stamp app to get accepted.  If you feel like helping you would be doing me a nice nice favor. 
[Request] -California-Need to feed 6 people.
It's cereal or this. I have zero culinary skills and no money. It would be nice to have some pizza to feed family.
[Request] Just temporarily fixed my Jeep with duct tape. Pizza me!
I was able to save myself a bit of hassle by duct taping my transmission. I am still broke, but the Jeep lives! Pizza me today and your favor will returned Wednesday (11Sep). I live in Kentucky on the TN border.
[Request] Flat broke and unhappy from unexpected move due to landlord error, don't get paid until Sat. and very hungry.
My landlord double-leased the apartment we were staying in, resulting in them showing up last Thursday morning to kick us out. We disputed and proved our lease wasn't until up until the 31st of August, but they did everything in their power to get us out early. They're supposed to refund our unused rent and give us a little extra, but there's no telling when we'll see that check. We've spent every dime we have moving into a new place; deposit, first and last month's rent, getting utilities turned on, etc. really adds up. We're looking at an empty pantry and totally bummed. If someone could get us a pizza for tonight we'd be incredibly grateful.
[Request] Broke till Friday, really hungry, sick of ramen noodles, would really love a pizza right about now!
Had some issues come up this week, I can pay it forward when I get paid on Friday! &lt;3 

I should add that Domino's is preferred. 
Thanks :)

Pizza it forward [request]
I was looking up for possibility of free pizza and ran across the reddit free pizza at first was hesitant but I thought I give it a try. My girlfriend and I are in a tough spot, my job has yet to pay me my "lost" hours and we are behind with some bills. We have enough money to pay for rent tomorrow but it may be a week or so before we will get above. Does anyone have it in their heart to provide a pizza for us? In return we will pay it forward to your choosing (I have just thought of a unique idea paying it forward) If interested I will share it with you. Thanks for taking the time to read this.
[Request] New Jersey. Typical broke college student with two exams tomorrow.
Orgo and Ecology Exams tomorrow. Pretty much broke at this point and haven't had a pizza in weeks. Would love a random pizza donator to help us out over here.
[Request] Me and my girlfriend are broke and starving
We're not actually starving, but we don't have any food or money. My measly paycheck ran out already and with bills and upcoming birthday, we didn't have a lot of money for groceries. Haven't had pizza in a while!
[Request] Just got fired from my job and i need a pick-me-up but have no money
I just got fired from my job as a guitar teacher at a school and feel like shit, if anyone would be nice enough to send me a pizza it will make my week
(request) Pizza for a lonely girl in Louisiana?
Doubt any one will do this, but im too broke, and hungry. Check out my gonewild pics. 
[Request] House-sitting and broke, help with lunch tomorrow?
Don't mean to beg, but I had been left to care for my parents' dogs for the week. However, they didn't leave me much money for the week to buy groceries (they left last Saturday) and I haven't really had much to eat. I'd grab groceries but I just made a huge school payment and am doing pretty lousy. 

If you're a producer or musician, I'd love to discuss works with you, or check out your tracks. I'll try and advertise some of your work in gratitude :)

Here's my stuff: https://soundcloud.com/cjrsongs

(12pm EST) 
[request]  broke until tomorrow, starving today
anyone could please feed a starving girl from south florida. last time i asked i went to sleep to forget my hunger, so i dont know if anyone responded. Ill try and stay up this time.  thanks in advance
[Request] Pizza before oral surgery!
Hello fellow Redditors!  Saving up for the $350 co-pay to have my wisdom teeth removed (too close to nerves).  A little light on cash for dinner today/tomorrow.  Anything would be appreciated!
[Request] Will write stories for pizza!
It's pretty much just like the title says. My cousin and I will write stories for pizzas. We prefer fiction(non-fiction makes us think too much :P), but we will try anything. I might also convince her to draw a picture to go with the story.
[Request] Pizza After Practice in So Cal. would Be Perfect
Two of my four kids play sports and  on two nights of the week they both have practices at the same time in different towns. My husband takes one to Soccer and I take the other to Softball. After that we head home for a fast dinner before baths and bed. Tomorrow night it's suppose to be bean and cheese burritos as we are trying to stretch our food budget, not my favorite thing. A pizza would sure be great but cash is low until next payday. Would love to find a pizza hero for the night. We have lots of choices nearby, Pizza Hut, Dominos, Papa Johns and Round Table.
Thanks!
D in Cali!  http://contributor.yahoo.com/user/124589/danielle_crofford_fetters.html This is who I am&lt;/a? Can't post a picture right now cause h and I had our  cell phones turned off to save money for a couple of months. 
[REQUEST] Father is 3-years clean, would like to celebrate (Proof inside)
Proof - http://imgur.com/a/ra8GW

My father just recently got his 3 year sobriety coin, i planned on celebrating today but there was a problem at my work and now i wont be paid until monday, if there is someone out there kind enough to help us id be indescribably grateful.
[Request] My roommates and I are literally starving and have no money. Would love a fresh pizza. 
Hey there, I live in Toronto in a house of starving artists. All I've eaten today is oatmeal and I'd love a couple slices of actual food. I wouldn't have words for how much I would appreciate this. Thank youu Maybe I can trade for art ? I dunno 
[Request] Kansas. Craving pizza
I would buy one myself if I could.
[Request] In Memphis, TN for a bachelor party but don't have much money to give the groom a fun night.
Some friends and I are coming to Memphis, TN in just a few hours.  We're driving up from Little Rock.  Unfortunately, the best man recently got laid off and most of the rest of us are underemployed. Memphis is about the furthest away that we could afford to go.  Don't get me wrong, we are going to give him a fantastic send-off from the single life.  Even if it means being late on bills next month.  But a little pizza kindness would be so amazing and would take some stress off.  The groom is a great guy and he deserves an amazing bachelor party.  We're cramming 9 guys in one room at the Marriott.  Message me if you just have a craving to help make a party a little more awesome.  Thanks for reading.
[Request] I tore my labrum last night after slipping on ice. Would greatly appreciate a pizza as I dont have any food in the house and dont get paid until Wednesday.
Basically the copays from seeing multiple doctors (general physician and then a orthopedic) drained my bank account and I dont have any food in the house. I would greatly appreciate a helping hand.
[Request] Cheesy goodness for 4 adults.
Out of the 4 of us only one of us is able to work. I thought it the right thing to do and try to relax with some pizza that won't cut into the bills. Thank you.
[Request] Fiance and I will be eating 2 packets of ramen per day for the next 9 days. Info in comments
My fiance and I are both starting our second year of college, and we got an apartment this year.  Long story short, she's from out of state, so her tuition and class fee's were doubled, and it ate up most of our money.  Add in having to pay out of our pocket to clean our apartment we JUST moved into to make it anywhere near livable, and I'm stuck with $0.57 in my name until my paycheck hits the 21st. 

So... If you want to cheer two broke college students on a ramen-diet up, it'd be much appreciated!

[Request] Little lean on groceries, could really use a pizza
I'm a student who's exhausted my semester fund, and my boyfriend's paycheck is lost somewhere in the mail. I'm hoping that someone could help us out tonight, as we've exhausted the pasta reserves in the pantry. Thanks guys.
[Request][UK] I ate my pasta for lunch and now my only option for dinner is soup.
I'm Scottish and obviously I love soup, but to me it's a lunch food. Eating the pasta for lunch was really poor planning by myself, so anyone willing to donate me a proper dinner would be a hero.
[Request] Today's my real life cake day and some pizza would be amazing.
Today is my birthday, and I'm hungry. I'm a non-trad college student and a single mom. My daughter is at her dad's at the moment. 
I'm flat broke. I spent the very last of my money on food, but ramen and fish sticks aren't sounding very appetizing at the moment.
I have a code for 20% off at Papa Johns, btw.
[Birthday proof](http://imgur.com/RZr9T.jpg)
[Request] Hays, KS: Do a bro a solid, it's rural out here
So I am a college kid who's carrying on a long distance relationship with a girl back from where I live in Colorado. She is coming out to visit me this weekend (gets here Friday night) and I'd love to have a nice pizza waiting for her after the 5 1/2 hour drive she has to make. Unfortunately, in order for her to visit she has to stay in a hotel and we're splitting the cost (considering she paid for gas), meaning I do not have the extra money to buy a pizza. Hook a brother up?

EDIT: As a reward, I will send the generous donor a mash-up of Gangnam Style, Party Rock Anthem, Like a G6, Pretty Fly (For a White Guy), and Bad Touch that is no longer available for public download, but very well mixed and great to listen to.
[REQUEST] So it's my week off...
and my first week off since January (aside from spring break). Between a non-paid internship at a local newspaper, school, freelance work for bills, I find myself sitting here broke gaming on my computer for the first time in ages. The only thing that could make this better, is some pizza from a generous fellow Redditor. Reddit pls. 
[Request] Congratulations! You've won the Mexican National Pizza lottery! I am the commissioner of prize claim. In order to receive your winnings, you must first wire over one Pepperoni Pizza as collateral. 
I am actually in no longer commissioner, but now a broke college study whose last final is tomorrow.  I could really use a good pizza right now as all my money has gone to putting a down payment on a house and tuition for next semester. Life's a garden, dig it.  
[REQUEST] Date Night / Family Night
So I'm one of those people brought here by the recent media coverage.  I'm sorry if that makes me an outsider.  I've spent the last few days just reading through this site.  Both the pizza end of things and other areas.  I had no idea about reddit.  This Random Acts of Pizza is truly amazing to follow.  You laugh at the guy who's just bored and wants someone to send him a pizza, and you feel for the people that a pizza would be more than a pizza.  I've been hesitant to post because while I'm in a tough spot, it lacks in comparison to so many others.  I finally decided I'd just give it a try.  Worse case scenario, I don't get a pizza.  That's where I am anyway :)

I've been married for almost 10 years.  My wife and I have two beautiful children, a daughter 5, and a son 6.  When I met my wife, I was working crazy hours and didn't always have time for everything we wanted, but Friday night was always our date night.  It started purely by accident when she invited me over for pizza and a movie one night, and we've kept the tradition alive all these years.  We used to go out to the movies, and when that got too expensive, we enjoyed a movie at home.  When the kids got older, date night was expanded to family night.  Pizza and a movie for everyone.  We've gone through a lot of things in the last few years.  It's often felt like one step forward and two steps back.  We're still moving though.  Still fighting.  There came a point where pizza became a luxury, and it's something we've accepted and moved on.  I laugh when people talk about discretionary income.  We've learned to shave a lot of corners and given up a lot of things just to pay the bills.  

Anyway, I guess my request is this.  I would love to, just for one night, be able to surprise the family with our pizza tradition.  They deserve it, and I wish I could give it to them.

I'm sure above me and below me are probably posts of people that need it more than we do, and I say give it to them.  If someone knows what it's like to be in this place and wants to help out, it would be much appreciated.

I look forward to the day I can come on here and make someone's day.  No promises of when I'll be able to do that, but I can promise it will happen, and I will be spreading the word about this and hope that more people will offer help to those who need it.

Thanks for listening, and sorry for the long post.  
[Request] Philadelphia, PA. Poor intern wanting pizza...
Just moved to Conshohocken apartments in Philly. I have had ramen for the last 4 days and I wont have money for stuff for a few weeks. It would be awesome if someone could pizza-me-up sometime. PM me and I can of course give you any info if you are interested in helping me out!

Peace
[Request] Willing to do a random act for some pizza goodness
Title pretty much says it all. No sob story or anything, just willing to do a random act to get some pizza
[Request] Pittsburgh - Totally broke from putting down a security deposit on a rental house, ramen just doesn't have that celebratory feel
Things are very tight for me, and have been for a long time. But that's going to change soon :) as I'll be moving into a fantastic house in the heart of the city, with two lovely friends. My expenses will be halved, and I'll be closer to everything that's hapening :D 

I keep feeling this mix of anticipatory excitement and nauseating terror - it's clear that this is kind of a moment, like I'm closing a chapter on one part of my life and starting the next one. And I wanna celebrate with pizza, not with ramen or easy mac, which is all I'll have til payday on Friday.

So really, I just want a greasy carb bomb to the gut, to properly honor this moment! Thanks :)
[Request] Life is too much for me and my family :( anyone willing to read my sob story? (Thanks in advance) Houston, Texas
Throwaway account, I have friends that are redditors

Recently my wife lost her job, we have too many bills, my mother passed away due to diabetes and now I just got in a crash recently. I have a lot of bills but not enough money and my family suffers for that. A pizza would really help us cope with all this bs that life is throwing our way. I have a beautiful wife and a really awesome son who I love very much. I know begging is the last thing people want to do but I am at that level. I don't know what to do and I have barely enough money to cover all of this. I would really appreciate it if someone would gift us a pizza and I'm sure so would my family. The chances of me getting one are low but its still worth a try. God bless you for reading this and thank you. If by some miracle someone gifts us one then I would gladly repay the favor when I get back on my feet.
[request] Saint Louis - Would love a nice pizza tonight?
Stuck at work until midnight - not much around to munch on. Feel a bit guilty - ended up spending my pizza money helping out some people in /r/assistance. Will gladly pizza it forward after the 28th. 
[REQUEST] Mississippi USA Seeking a cheese pizza for whiskey (P4L)
I was trying to come up with a drinking game with the little bit of whiskey I have left for this Oscar night.  I suddenly thought, "Self, a glorious cheese pizza would be a wonderful pairing with impending drunkenness."

Sadly, I have no pizza but I have such an intense craving now.  Hence the [pic](http://i.imgur.com/4p3aA.jpg).


So please RAOPers, may I have a pie?  I would greatly appreciate (unf) a pie gifted this way.
(REQUEST)It's my birthday! But I'm sad and hungry :/
Today is my birthday! sadly there's nothing to do here at all. i have no money. neither does my family, who isn't here, so i'm alone on my birthday with no food really. i mean we have some bread and some milk and some rice i think in the fridge but i've been eating that for weeks. My girlfriend just broke up with me on friday too.. so i can't really do anything today.. also i'm being picked up at 6 for work so ya.. i could really use some pizza today for my birthday. there's a pizza place near me called new york pizza girl the number is (610) 681-4900, PM me for my information, if you'd like to give me a birthday present that is
[Request]Dat Pizza
I'm a happy college student trying to study for orgo, but knowing that wont happen, I'm willing to paint you guys a picture using, get this, GLOW-IN-THE-MOTHER-F***ING-DARK paint. So ill draw you something in exchange for pizza!
[Request] Charlotte NC; A truly broke graduating senior says: A pizza would really brighten my world
$0.33 in bank account, savings restricted due to online transfer limit being reached, and not getting payed for 10 days. I work and am in class constantly, but I barely make ends meet. This month is exceptionally bad for me and I haven't had constant access to food. Any help would be appreciated!
[REQUEST] A pizza would be nice!
I literally haven't eaten a meal since last Friday night.. and the friends and family I have asked, have done so within the last month. I don't have money or food at home and I won't until next Monday. I really hope someone will be kind enough to help me out! Please message me.
[REQUEST] pizza for 3 people.
we have used all of our food money for a month because me and my brother and friend just finished remodeling my brothers room because his room was ugly looking hahahah. and we dont get paid till monday and we were just wondering if any of you noble people of RAOP will give us something that will feed 3 hungry people! thank you :] if you are interested i will give you 3 dollars on the psn store for exchange.
[Request] Recently fired Mother of three
Hey all, I have been a lurker for awhile now but decided to see if I could get a little help. My previous employer down-sized recently and fired many employees including me. I am a single mother with three children. I have no savings and have been able to support my childrens lives and my own from paycheck to paycheck. If anyone would be kind enough to help out with a gift card or anything, I would greatly appreciate it. It will help us more than you know.
[Request] I'm a college student who is very bad with money...
I spent all my money on booze for the next week without realizing the fact that I'd need food too... I'm a retard. So! A pizza would be much appreciated. :)
[Request] Birthday Pizza
Today is my birthday and I'm looking at $5 to last me until next Thursday. I would be super happy if I could have a tasty meal. : )
[Request] Indiana USA
Sleeping on couches, no money for food!
Long story short: i got kicked out of my house for asking to take my computer to a LAN party. (i am NOT exaggerating)

for the past couple weeks i have been staying with my dad &amp; his girlfriend, but yesterday i ran out of the money i had been saving. I don't get paid for another 2 days and i am absolutely famished.
[Request] 40 weeks, 6 days pregnant -- husband is at training until tomorrow night.
I don't even know if this is allowed, because I technically don't want pizza. I do want chocolate lava cake from dominos.


I was due with my husband and I's daughter last Friday. The same day, I had to take my husband to the airport for a week of training. We tried so hard to get out of it, but that's the life in the military.

I honestly could get up and bake some cookies or something, but I am trying to stay in a reclined position. I'm trying to get my contractions to slow down until my husband gets home tomorrow night. 

[REQUEST] Pizza for a couple of young adults in Union City, Ca
First, i want to say WOW! I had no idea something like this existed. I've helped people on the street with meals before but this is something beautifully different. 

I am a young woman living with my longtime boyfriend and like a lot of people, times are tough. I had a temporary lay off with my job that i just went back to but wont be receiving a paycheck until next Friday. My boyfriend wont be paid from his work until the 6th. Had dental work done recently that took about 190 bucks to fix my teeth. I used my last can of chili beans and mixed it with white rice last night for dinner. Many nights we go without dinner(sometimes i survive on cups of coffee all day) but we never lose sight that things will get better for us eventually. We are in the middle class rut; don't make enough to survive comfortably in California but are making too much money for food assistance. It leaved us caught in a limbo. Ive been to a local food pantry once before and yes, it was hard to keep your chin up and have that pride when you are asking for help from someone. 

It seems easier to ask for help if its done semi-anonymously as I don't have to shamefully look anyone in the eye who may judge me. I would love a pizza for dinner and with the leftovers, eat for breakfast and lunch. We live in Union City, California in the shadows of both the great Silicon Valley and the San Fransisco Bay. Right smack in the middle where apartments are tiny but cost you an arm and a leg to live there. 

Thank you guys for taking the time to create such a wonderful service to help your fellow man. I WILL be paying it forward when i get on my feet, if only a simple pie to a struggling family. 

email me at l0serl0ve7@gmail.com if you could help us. If you need proof of something lemme know, i can screenshot my dentist check that cleared or my negative account balance. Thanks again. 

-Leilani Love
[request] medical flight team stuck
The pilot, my partner, and I had to make a quick landing after one of our sensors started acting up. Luckily we didn't have a patient with us. We're grounded at a small airport and were about to order some pizza. Thought I'd see if a random pizza flew our way. Thanks. 
(REQUEST) STOUGHTON,WI
Single mom of 4 and one on the way. Money is running out and my kids deserve a treat (pizza) after all they have been through and then some! THANK YOU! :-)
[Request] Broke &amp; haven't had Pizza since May
I did a summer abroad trip to Europe this year. Cool, right? I had to take out several private loans to cover expenses at home, like rent, while I was away. To make a long story short, my financial aid advisor boned me and only gave me above 66% of my private loan -- saying I had sufficient funds. I convinced my generous grandparents to loan me some money for my flight home. The cheapest I could find was a couple cities away. After eating nothing but bread and fruit the last several weeks and being couped up in this hostel all day I am finally going home tomorrow!!!! 

All I want is to go home and if I can get a nice American pie then thatd be great, too! It has been too long since Ive had a pizza! I live in Buffalo if that helps. 
[REQUEST]Forgot to bring my lunch to work. WPB, FL
Too flippin hot outside to want to go anywhere (aka, i'm lazy). 
Coworkers will be like "Hey, where did you get the pizza?" and I'll be all like "Yo, some bad ass mofo inside my computa bought this fo me"

Or I could respond using proper English if you prefer. Or I could dance a jig and put a slice on my head.

edit: And now its POURING outside so I REALLY don't want to go anywhere.
[REQUEST] San Ramon, CA- parents out of town, older brother spent the grocery money on fucking weed, some pizza would really help make what we have last.

[Request] Last money spent on an Apt Application.. Need dinner for my girls!
I am up against a rock and a hard place tonight in Buena Park CA, we are still without a home and have applied for an apt with the last of our cash on hand from a gig I did (credit/application fee). I thought I had a little more but when I went to order food for my girls I found out I didn't have it. &gt;.&lt; I will pay it all forward when our luck turns!
[Request] Anyone can help a down on his luck dad get a pizza for his kids bday today?
Today is my sons bday and right now I have no money whatsoever except a few dollars i gotta use for gas to get to my new job im starting next week. Hes turning 9 today and his name is Corvin. If anyone can help me out today with a pizza for him I'll be glad to pay it back when i get some money or my first check. Thank you all so much.    PS. Sorry I;m in KY btw
[Request] student financial aid refund check late NC
I am a nursing student in south eastern North Carolina. I am 29 years old, and I have 5 children. I was expecting to have my financial aid refund check this past week, but got an email last Wednesday that because I had a class that started late, I will not get my check until the middle of July. We budget very carefully to have money for everything, and this has really put us in a bind. We do get food stamps, but because they changed the date of disbursement for July, we've had to really stretch our food budget to make it through until then. We won't starve without pizza, but it would be nice to treat my kids, since I had promised them we would go out for a nice dinner when my check came. I can, and will help someone out in a few weeks when I get my refund. Thank you if anyone wants to help. :)
[REQUEST] A recent college graduate down on life
I'm recently graduated college with a BS in mathematics and there is nothing I can find with it. I have no money and my Link card has been shut down so I can't buy food. I have no money because I put everything I had into paying rent for october. At the end of October if I don't figure something out I'm toast. All I'm asking is for some pizza. I haven't eaten today and the last of my oatmeal ran out two days ago. 

If it matters I'm active in r/learnmath where I try to answer math questions related to combinatorics, probability, analysis, and Calculus. 

If anybody decides to respond I have a verification code I can e-mail and I feel I would owe you eternally.
[Request] Chesterfield, VA Hello, just discovered the community and thought I'd try. 
To think such a community existed is simply an amazement to me. [My reaction upon discovering this wonderous place.](http://i.imgur.com/auxwS.jpg) I'm in no special condition the deserved the need for pizza, I simply want a delicious pizza. My only means of transportation is the bicycle, so if it's delivery I can take care of the tip. Thanks for the consideration, comrades. I wish you all a good day. 
[Request]  Stuck at home alone, roommate flew out this morning, and I just got out of the hospital and need to eat.
Just got out of the hospital, not anything major but I was there overnight.  My roommate left to work out of state this morning (left me an empty pantry and fridge), and the few friends I have here are busy.  Parents are 2.5 hours away and that's way too long to wait for food.  Can Reddit help me out?
[Request] At work and hungry.
At work tonight in a hotel and none of us have enough cash to order a pizza or anything for that matter. We would really appreciate some free food to fill out empty hospitality worker tummies.
[request] London, United Kingdom could really go for a pizza..

request
My siblings and I are hungry for some pizza, we don't go out much and with our parent working all the time we never get to go out to eat much. So please if anyone can give us a pizza that would be awesome.
[Request] Stuck in South Dakota - school just processed a payment I made months ago. I have less than a hundred dollars, 300 miles to go, and a sad belly.
Feels really strange to ask.. but, long story short, I went to visit friends this weekend up at SDSU in Brookings, SD, and after checking my bank account, I saw a nice 900 dollar deduction... from a payment made in February.
I return back to Lincoln, NE in a couple days, and I can make it gas wise.. but if someone can spare a 5 dollar pizza hut calzone or something, i'd love it. Love. Probably couldn't eat it, because I'd marry it.. but it'd just be an elaborate ploy to get to the rest of it's family.
If you can't give, words of encouragement are nice too. I can try to eat those.
[REQUEST] Just got dumped by the love of my life and I haven't eaten in the days.
Somebody would brighten up my day a lot. We were engaged but he decided that he just didn't care anymore. I honestly hate asking for help, but I guess this is an exception. It's pretty loserly, but Reddit has been one of the only things I have to get me through the day. 
[Request] Hungry as hell
Not much to say, super hungry and bored and i don't get paid until next week. If anyone wants to help a bro out it'd be legit.
[Request] San Francisco college student needs a bad week to get better
Hey guys! First time requester...Long story short, my job hates me and my roomies are asshats. Can anyone suggest a great way to end the evening?
[Request] I heard that the random button was a disaster waiting to happen...
But I was pleasantly surprised to click on it, only to find such a cool subreddit! I looked through the posts- there are a lot of sad stories, and a lot of pizzas mending some rough situations. While I don't have any such problems in my life, I do love both pizza and kindness, and I would be *elated* to be on the receiving side of such a great combo!

Combo makes me think of pizza. Mmmmmm.

I live in Chicago, IL, right next to Clark and Division, visiting my girlfriend (my home is in the Bay Area of California). I don't do evil things, try my best to smile every day, love black olives, and want to give a warm thank you to everyone who reads this!
[request] Garlic Jim's is the shit!
Not gonna lie, I could go and buy a pizza for myself and my kids (wife's out of town on business for the next couple of weeks) but I just found this and it's a pretty cool idea so I figured I'd give it a shot!

Garlic Jim's is a little on the pricy-er side, we usually get Papa Murphy's Take'n'Bake, but can't beat the garlicky goodness that is Jim's!

Thanks Reddit!

[Request] Family with no budget would love a pizza
Unexpected dental work has tightened our family of four's budget this week and there's not much left to buy groceries. If anyone could spare a pizza, we would greatly appreciate it.

Forgot to add location to the thread title: Central Ohio
[Request] Hungry in East Tennessee
Recently graduated into a terrible jobs market.  Trying to make by with odd jobs but I've ended up hungry today.  Trying to help my bi-polar mother as well.  She's on disability and often has to chose between food and rent.  

Pizza would be appreciated by both of us.  My verification code is:  2FCT4EUT786l

I'm fairly certain Dominos is the only place that delivers to my home.  I would *really* appreciate some help.  I plan on giving once I find a real job.  
(Request) my power is out for the 5th time in 5 weeks from storms. I broke my ankle last week during soccer game and can't work. My food in the fridge is ruined. It's 88 degrees in my house. My dog and I would love a pizza
I love you all
[Request] A friend sent me here...after a family emergency, I haven't ate a real meal in almost a week. I had shredded cheese for dinner last night.
I'm honestly not the kind of girl to ask for handouts, but I just can't make ends meet anymore and I don't get paid until Friday. I just spent my last $30 on dog food, because he comes before me.

If anyone would be so kind I promise to pass it on once I am established again. Thanks for reading.
[REQUEST] Poughkeepsie, New York; Broke This Week and Would Love A Pizza Today
I'm broke this week and just had enough money to get bills paid and I am extremely tight on food. Most of what I have was a gift from my mother. A pizza would be extremely appreciated, and will be paid back in an offer-to-be. Thanks for helping a girl out! (:

Edit: Grammarz.
[Request] The code for my free coin toss pizza from Papa John's isn't working. Also, it's my cake day. 
EDIT: I don't need the pizza now. I got it taken care of. 

My friends and I are going to have a pizza party for the Oscars tonight and I was going to use the free pizza I had saved for the coin toss. So I go on to the papa john's website to order my pizza to pick on the way to my friends house tonight but it tells me "The promo code you entered has exceeded the maximum allowed usage" but I haven't used it yet. I called customer service but I got a busy signal. After a few tries, I gave up. Because it's my cake day and I love the Oscars, I thought someone might have sympathy for me. 

But, if someone thinks I can get this fixed once I get a hold of customer service, I'll keep trying but I don't know how to prove I didn't already use it. I mean, my order history will be blank bc I created the account to use the code but other than that, I don't know what to tell them. If I can get this fixed then I won't need/accept an offer from you guys. 

EDIT: Finally got through to customer service and we got it worked out. They gave me a new code. Thanks to anyone who considered helping me out. I'll try to pizza someone in the future when I have the means. 
[Request] Poor Person + Laid Off Person = Hungry and Profound | montreal
Fact is, no food in house. We requested a local Food Bank provide some and have to wait several days. Alas, empty stomach is now.

First time asking help here, insofar right now because things escalated. I am looking for/without work temporarily, my roommate got laid off yesterday.

Hundredthoughts of please and thank you.
[Request] I've been eating coffee grinds in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan
I've been eating coffee grinds for the past few days. I'm out of town working, about 600km away, until Thursday when I get paid. I would have been fine but I loaned a few thousand dollars to my parents and they couldn't pay me back when I had to go back to school for a few weeks. I spent the last of my money on medication and now I have 51 cents in the bank, luckily some bills bounced instead of overdrafting my account.

I don't know, if no one else needs help I would be grateful. 
[request] [Houston,Tx ]The IRS was supposed to give me my refund today and hasnt, My un-employed roomate still owes me money for the internet and hasnt paid, my dog is shitting all over the places and I dont know why...
And I just ate the last two eggs in my APT and now only have a can of chicken noodle soup,some potato wedges,minute rice and half a loaf of bread in my kitchen. I've been working my ass off for the past month but recently had to put 900 bucks into my car two weeks before my rent was due. After paying rent on the 1st I had 35 bucks to last me 10 days until pay day. I am now down to 7 bucks and I work Tomorrow, Thursday and Friday. I have just over qtr of a tank left and my work is 12 miles from my apt, so I'm pretty much spending that 7 bucks on gas in hopes that it will get me enough to get to work. I have gotten pizzas on here before, and i've been lurking thru the threads this week trying to win a pizza but every time i'm to late. I know that RAOP gets these type of sob stories all day, and a lot of them arent rewarded so i'm not really putting to much hope into this. I just thought it would be nice to try and get a large pizza that I could munch on for a few days so I dont starve before pay day.
Staying in [request]
Been roaming around on this subreddit for awhile but didn't have any need to post. I'm not in any dire situation but wanted to see if anyone was feeling generous tonight. I go to Ohio State, living right off of campus, and just haven't had time to get out to the grocery store this week. If anyone out there could help me out just for tonight it would make my night. Thanks for taking the time to read, love what this place is about.









[Request] I feel bad for asking, but I've been craving some pizza like crazy (and my wallet says NO!)
It'll be another couple of weeks until my boyfriend gets his paycheck from his new job, and my income isn't really able to support two people so we've eaten a lot of rice and ramen lately. I've been craving pizza so bad that I've finally gotten the nerve to ask you fine folks to help a girl out (which makes me feel slightly less guilty than asking my parents for $20). 

I will definitely pay you back, or pay it forward if you prefer (probably both) as soon as I am able.

(Pontiac, MI)


[REQUEST] Hungry, Working towards my dream, kind of scared to ask for pizza though!
So... I don't really know how to request pizza, especially since what I have to ask for probably makes me sound really... un-needy. I'm 24, flew myself out to Columbus Ohio to work with Cirque Du Soleil temporarily and only work four hours a day and we haven't gotten paid yet. I'm down to $100 and I use most of that to help get me to and from the Cirque site and I haven't eaten anything except some Bananas since yesterday. 

It's hard to ask for help, since I put myself here because I want to one day work for Cirque Du Soleil -- instead of just a temporary job working with a show while they are in a city. I plan on trying to follow them for a few more shows and hope the experience helps set my resume apart, as well as that I can practice some aerial arts (trapeze).

I absolutely love the show and the people I am following and it's really the show I want to work for but if I were to actually land a job with Cirque, I honestly would not mind any show.

Regardless, gluten makes me very sick so pizza typically isn't something I can get unless I order multiple little domino's gluten free pizza. I don't really know who else delivers in the downtown columbus area that has gluten free, and also since it's 1am.

I don't expect pizza, since GF is such a hassle but thank you for having a subreddit like this exist. 
[request] Young Couple who just got engaged
spent all my money on a ring and in need of food 

I'm from the UK

(also this is my chance to prove reddit is a good place to her)

Edit: if I do receive a pizza I will give one away once I'm paid
[Request] Does reddit want to buy a dude with $40 bucks in his account pizza? Southern CA
I'm starving, but only have $40 bucks in my account which I'm saving to use to take my lady this weekend to celebrate her College graduation. I would really appreciate a pizza right now! Thank you.
[Request] I'm really hungry and have can't afford food until next friday
EDIT: Location - Ypsilanti, MI

I get paid biweekly and the beginning of the month drained my accounts (rent etc.) Though I don't want this to become some sappy story. I'm just really hungry and would love if anyone from reddit could help.

I can assure you I'll buy someone a pizza once my next paycheck comes in.
[Pseudo-request] Delivery driver shot: proceeds go to family of deceased. 
A delivery driver was shot and killed while approaching someone stealing from coworkers cars: http://www.wthr.com/story/15957703/pizza-delivery-driver-shot-in-bloomington 
I've never been on this subreddit before but I figured this was appropriate to link, and since that location is offering all proceeds to go to the family of the deceased( http://www.facebook.com/pages/Pizza-X/82904137667 ) I figured RAoP might be interested. There is nothing in it for me: I do not know the individual/family of the deceased, but I am from Bloomington and felt like outreach might be appreciated by his surviving family. 
[REQUEST] Florida, USA - Just moved into a new apartment. No more monies and looking for a treat tonight!
Just moved into a new apartment with my GF and we've spent all our monies on the moving truck, ridiculous deposits, down payments, and other 'security' fees. Payday is a few days away but we're really craving a good pizza. Can Reddit help us settle in tonight?
[Request - 56001] Fiancee sick at home, I want to do something nice for her
My fiancee has been sick since last night after she got out of work with a fever, chills, and body aches. I have been working all day, and she has been at home in bed and I want to be able to bring home a hot pizza for us to have for dinner when I get out of work.

She takes care of me endlessly, and I want to be able to do something for her, we just don't have any money right now. I know she has been craving hot pockets all day, but we don't have any so I figure if it is possible, this will really help brighten her day.
[request] No sad story here, just a broke college couple.
My wife and are a just a couple of broke college students (we are both starbucks baristas). We have  couple of starbucks veggie plates to eat, but would love some pizza! (and maybe breadsticks?)

Thanks, you guys are all super heroes :)
[REQUEST] College kid craving some pizza! 
Hey there you guys! I'm a college freshman, and I'm in serious want of some fresh pizza. I don't have much spending cash, and I would really appreciate it if someone could lend me a hand.
****
EDIT: I'm in Ohio, about a half an hour out of Cleveland. I go to a tiny college, in a tiny town. I'm studying political science!  
(REQUEST) Will be clever for food. Mableton Georgia
I don't have a canvas long enough to paint a vivid picture of my sob story, so I won't. Instead, I devised a few riddles for you to have fun with. If you enjoy the challenge they present maybe you'll reward me with a gift card for my cleverness? It never hurts to try. So here you go, a few riddles to toy around with while you debate whether or not I deserve a hot meal today.

1.) What's 4 inches long but can house all of your buds?

2.) If I press hard enough I might strike a face that makes me a wealthier man. What am I?

3.) How many links are in the chain when it clinks?

4.) Right now may not seem like spring at all, but I've got rainbows planned for tomorrow, and then all of these will belong to you.

5.) I had a cat I named him Earl. I had a fish I named him Pearl. But what should I name my bird of prey?

I hope you enjoyed my little challenge of wits, I'll post the answers later regardless of whether or not I receive a gift card. So best of luck and see how many you can get right. And if you feel like helping a guy a bit down on his luck eat tonight feel free to message me or post below. 

Thanks again and remember, a mind is a terrible thing to waste, but it's even more terrible to waste a mind.
[Request] Overtired (it's only Monday!) Pharmacy student who has three tests this week!
Hey guys, I have never done this before so be nice to me! ;P

I'm in Pharmacy school in North Dakota (CST) and have three tests this week. I worked last week and weekend and again tomorrow and I am just tired. I have been surviving off of coffee ;P

It is getting about hungry time and I just feel too lazy to get up and make something vs. just order something. (I should be studying all of your renal transporters. ;X)The only downside of course is spending way more money ordering a pizza!

So, if anyone is interested, that would be awesome!
(REQUEST) On an expended college budget and would appreciate some pizza! :)
So I'm in college now and am on a very limited budget...unfortunately, it's all been expended on books and food from earlier this semester (mostly books, they're about $100 a pop now). 

I'm really living off of a stockpile pasta and this point...which gets VERY old fast. So, I would like to request a random act of pizza tonight! I can't tell you how happy it would make me!! 

I'm in Washington, DC, by the way.

Also, I can submit you a picture of my bank account...which has a mere 87 cents in it now. I'm not sure how to post it on this page!!


[REQUEST] Illinois USA A nice warm pie for twenty-two year old who's been down on his luck
Over the past two weeks I've been having a bad luck streak ( got in car accident, had to go to the hospital twice, etc ) which has taken a lot out of my already very light wallet. Haven't really hung out with my love since all the bad luck began and would like a pizza to keep our tummy's full while we hang out tonight. Anything that can help us out tonight would be very much appreciated.
[REQUEST] Mike won our Starcraft Pizza Raffle!
We hold Starcraft King of the Hill tournaments and select a winner. Let me know if you want to help us out by blessing him with a random act of pizza. We had over 122 tickets in the raffle:

http://i.imgur.com/Ip4w8.png &lt;-- Different social networks that played entered

Here is a VOD of the event that happened a few hours ago cued to the time when we picked the winner:

http://www.twitch.tv/rcraftgaming/b/313640366?t=3h58m4s

We love the idea of reddit helping reddit, but I understand if you guys may not approve and please let me know what you think of the concept. Our raffle and tournament are reddit organized from /r/starcraft via the rCraftGaming people.

Thanks you!
[REQ] I was going to order pizza, until I checked my bank account.
I live in Nanaimo BC Canada. And I am really craving pizza..
I will return the love next friday night (payday)
[REQUEST] 4 very hungry guys that need a good pizza before finals.
There are four of us here, and we're starving. We could use a nice pick-me-up before next week's finals. We'd really appreciate a pizza or gift card. We are in Los Angeles, CA.
[Request] We need pizza pizza. Lehigh valley pa. 
Poor college kids who want to eat:(
[Request] Had to get my dog euthanized, unexpectedly. No food money until the 15th.
I could really use some help. I took my dog [Volk](http://tinypic.com/r/241rqmf/7), he was 25% Timber Wolf 75% German Sheperd, to the vet yesterday because he stopped eating and was generally acting really weird, not wanting to move. It had been getting worse over the course of last week. After the vet's initial examination, he thought it had something to do with Volks kidneys, so I left him with the vet overnight. I got a call this morning from the Vet's office, telling me that it was some congenital disease, that causes terminal kidney failure and that though I could probably keep him alive on dialysis for a while, it would be extremely expensive and he wouldn't be living a full, happy life. So, I went in this morning and said good-bye. 
Anyway, the total cost of the visit, tests, and euthanasia was close to $300, all of which I had to pay up front. That was supposed to be grocery money. I feel bad asking for help from people I don't even know, but all my roommates and friends went home for the summer, and I promise I'll pay it forward.

I'm in Dallas.
[request] Alone on Turkey Day.. 
So yeah, new to this sub-reddit.. Jobless and alone for turkey day.. I don't even know if they are open on thanksgiving.. probably not right? Anyway, I'm in North Mankato, MN.. if anyone would like to help, I would really appreciate it, and hopefully in about a month, I'll be able to pay back, or even help out another reddit-or.. 

Thanks for reading, hope you all have a happy holiday, even if you don't celebrate :) 
(Request) Nashville, Pizza for me and my neice?
I'm on surprise babysitting over night(thanks bro) and I have some food but nothing she really wants, just seeing if anyone could help out with a pie.  Thanks for your time RAOP
[Request] Hungry kid in KY
I have a 7 year old son named Isaac and we dont have anything to eat until friday when i get my check. We only a tiny thing of old leftovers in the fridge right now, just trying to make it a couple more days. If anyone could help us out til then I'd be so happy to pay it forward in 2 days, thank you all so much! 
[Request] A bit down on luck, thought I would finally give this a try.
~~Hi you guys. First I would like to say this thread and the people who frequent it are amazing. I've always been nervous to post here as I am usually too broke to reciprocate. I'm still broke, but when I get my tax return I definitely will reciprocate.~~

~~A little about me and why I'm posting: I live with my mom and work a minimum wage job in Southern California. (North County)~~

~~We have a three bedroom house that the bank is trying to foreclose on. Although this isn't a new situation for us, the guy who offered to do the home loan modification took two-thousand dollars of my and my mother's money and bailed. My mom's transmission also failed around last month so we've been taking the bus.~~

~~We have been able to manage lately, until recently when my sister and her husband declared they would not be paying my mom rent for staying here anymore, and I found out they had only been paying my mom seventy-five dollars each for the past four months. It has been a pretty big blow, albiet not surprising, and has now put an even greater strain on my mom and I.~~

~~As of yesterday SDGE came through and shut off our electricity. (I am writing via phone.) The bill is just over six-hundred dollars past due (I just found out) and my mom has been calling around trying to find help. I know it is probably stupid to request a pizza in lieu of everything else but I thought it would be a nice change from everything else going on right now.~~

~~I know sob stories are probably cliche here, and my apologies for that. Just figured I would give it a shot. If anyone is interested, I can also provide pictures of the SDGE notice on the meter, or whatever else.~~

~~So yeah. That's it. Thanks.~~

Edit: Overdrew the bank account to get the electricity back on, as it was needed for my mom. I downvoted my post, but just struck-out what I wrote so not to just simply delete as this board has advised against that. 

*Mods can remove this if they want.*
[request] &lt;3
i love pizza and have no means to get it. hoping someone understands the eternal craving for a pepperoni pie. i will pay it forward when i can (within the next week) &lt;3 thanks for reading

[Request] I am a student. I have no money. Hyderabad, India
People owe me but are refusing to pay. I want to eat something real just one night. Sorry for the desperation.
[REQUEST] Not for me, but for my family
I moved away from home a little over a year ago to be with my husband. I have four younger sisters and my family is very close, so this was tough for all involved, but we keep in touch, and not a day goes by when I don't talk to at least one of my siblings via Steam or Facebook. I just missed an IM from my little sister lamenting that another week is going by, and my family hasn't got the money for food right now. She was upset because their pets are hungry, and that all she'd had for lunch was a piece of bread. I feel awful about this, but I'm not really in a position to do anything about it myself. Making matters worse, I thoughtlessly made a comment on Facebook earlier today, complaining about all the leftovers in my fridge, and wishing that my sisters were around to help. How I must have made them feel upon reading that puts me near tears.

Their financial situation is complicated and I don't want to get into detail, because it's not my place to talk about their problems in a public forum. Suffice it to say, they're going through a rough patch, but if someone would be so kind as to provide them a hot meal, I hope that a random act of kindness would help them feel better about life in general. I've been where they are, and I know how low it makes a person feel not being able to afford food. 

Here's my favourite picture of me and my siblings and our dogs, taken about a decade ago:
http://i.imgur.com/jDz5L.jpg

Thanks in advance to anyone who's taken the time to read this.
[Request] Fresno, California - Having a pretty rough day, incredibly broke, could really use not having to eat ramen tonight.
My fiancee and I have been spending all day organizing my father's house after he passed away a few weeks ago.  It's been a lot harder than I thought it would be.

We only have $2.27 in our bank account until I get paid on Tuesday, and it would be really nice to not have to heat up ANOTHER Cup O' Noodles tonight, and instead be able to relax and chow down on some deliciousness.
[REQUEST] A pizza for a 16 year old in the UK.
Hey guys, my parents have left on Wednesday and they only left me £25 to live on for 7 days. I now have exactly £0.00 left. If any generous person could send me a pizza, I'd love you forever.

Sincerely, 
A random 16 year old in the UK.
request;pizza in pa
family of four just short on cash til next week and can use some good food anyone want to help us out. dominoes would be fine for us thanks...
[Request] I'm sitting at home, alone, cross-stitching the white tree of Gondor.
I don't have a sob story. I have things I could eat. I don't have much extra cash for pizza, and pizza sounds pretty good right now. 

If nobody sends me pizza, I'll be just fine. 

I'll trade you a cute picture of my cats. And I'll pay it forward when I get paid at the end of the month.

Have a good weekend!
[Request] A couple of students looking to celebrate the end of their undergrad career.
My roommate and I live in Tucson, AZ. We had our last day ever today at the University of Arizona. We would like to celebrate with pizza, but both of us are pretty strapped for cash. Any help would be awesome! Stay classy Reddit!
[Request] Skipping meals so my family can eat (KS)
So the situation is we've been running low on food the last couple of weeks and any cash we've had has been put immediately into the car for gas to get me back and forth to work in KC.  We have been cooking rice and canned things, but have not much left to last us the next few days.  So that my husband and daughter can eat full meals, I've been skipping breakfast and lunch this week and living on hot tea and chewing gum while at work.  

It's normally not a big deal, and I can make it through the day fine, but today I'm already super-hungry and it's not even 11 am yet.  I get paid on Friday and will be able to re-stock our pantry then, but I am definitely feeling the empty hole in my tummy today.  I am thinking of going to Jimmy John's and begging for a day-old loaf of bread if they have any.

If anybody could find it in their heart to buy me a pizza today, I would be very happy, and it could last me the next few days of lunch at work until I get my check Friday afternoon.  I will even pay you back via paypal that evening after my check is deposited.


[request] Florida, would murder for a slice. 
Hey, everyone. 

Between my roommate and myself, we have less than twenty cents. Neither of us are looking forward to going more days without eating. 

A random act of pizza would be wonderful right about now. We would both be grateful and delighted. 
[Request] Columbia, MO: I don't ask for this kinda thing often, but I kinda need a hand
Hey ya, I am coming here to ask for a pizza if any one is feeling kind enough!  I'm pretty hungry and I have no buying power.  I am a very poor college student whos had it pretty rough in the past year and...  Well, I'd enjoy a pizza very much.  

Thanks guys and gals, I really appreciate it and I try to pay it forward each day by just being a kind person each day in real life.  :)  
[REQUEST] 9 resumes sent out just today, not a penny to my name.  A nice pizza for the weekend would be appreciated. [Portland, OR]
I've toyed with asking for a pizza, but i've had some help from friends and family these past weeks, but going on 2 interviews and not landing the job has really kicked me down a notch.  I also worried about tipping the driver, how does that work if someone donates a card? I wouldn't want a pizza if it meant stiffing the delivery guy...
[request] Bristol, UK - no money, no food, would love to have something to eat tonight :).
Haven't eaten anything since Thursday evening - would be lovely to have something for dinner tonight :).
No Sob Story (request)
No real sob story here, just trying to test this out and me and my roommate are two broke ass college students looking for some pizza while we study. Thanks in advance (:
(Request) College student with no money, very hungry studying for midterm
My mom was recently in a car accident, and she's been having shoulder/neck/back problems that she has to get MRI's done for and she has to visit her doctor frequently. My parents usually supply me with some money when they can, but I rejected their offer this time because their $20 copays are piling up and they barely have any food in the cupboards themselves, so they need the money much more than I do. This is my first post on here, and I realize there may be people that need food much more than I do, so please help them first. Pizza would last me a few days. God bless. 
[Request] [Appealing to emotions] Money ran short this month and have to spend the next 4 days scrounging for food.
So its pretty much what I stated in my title. I'm a relatively poor college kid making a living on Ebay buying/selling/refurbishing iPhones and other electronics. This month didn't go so well and I don't have money until my next paypal payment is processed. (Can provide proof of this)

In return I can fix/root/upgrade/whatever your cell phone or other personal electronic or draw you a really bad picture! I could also be your lane-mate in Dota 2 (I play a mean Omniknight)

If you can't give pizza an internet high five would also do the trick!
[Request] Canadian university students looking for a nice meal
Hi,
Me and my room mates could really do with a good pizza meal. 3 of us are still looking for summer jobs (including me :( ) and pizza would be a nice treat to lift our spirits :)
Thank you
[Request] Texas, A little skeptical. I want to believe.
Could use a pepperroni and mushroom visitor.
[Request] Pizza for me and my boy
I don't normally ask for things from people, especially ones I don't know, but this subreddit seems pretty awesome..

My backstory:
I'm a 24 year old single dad with full custody of my 5 year old. Things have been really tight for years..pretty much since I graduated high school. I pay for everything on my own and between rent, car payment, utilities, groceries, and a $440 daycare bill every month there isn't much left. His mother chips in $75/month which doesn't even pay for a week of daycare. 

Anyway, my son starts elementary school next week and is scared to death. Would love to surprise him with a pizza :]

Since I won't be having that massive daycare bill next month I will gladly pay it forward!
[REQUEST] GF of 5 years just broke up with me. Low on money. Pizza cheers me up. 
This is my first time requesting for a pizza. Pizzas always cheer me up no matter what the situation is. I hope I am doing this right.

EDIT: forgot my location, Rochester NY
[Request] Lack of energy to cook today. Pizza would be awesome.
**EDIT**: fark, I'm slow and forgot to post my location. I'm in Virginia.

First of, Happy Labor Day! I hope everyone has had an awesome day.

Like the post says, I simply lack the energy today to cook. I tried taking Effexor (an anti-depressant drug) and it didn't go well for me (lots of nausea and loss of appetite) so I decided to not take take it anymore. Of course, going off of an anti-depressant makes you kind of moody and that's where I am now. 

So, I'm here in hopes that someone will toss a pizza my way.


P.S.: if you need verification, I can send you a verification code as well as a picture of the pills/pill bottle.
[Request] Haven't had pizza in a while..
It's been a while since I last had pizza and I would really love some. I'm located in Utah. Domino's and Pizza Hut are both close by. 
[REQUEST] Homeless and Jobless in STL, MO
Hey everyone, my name is Nick, I'm 23, had to drop out of college a year ago, and I'm currently living in a van in front of my friend's house. I lost my job and have been looking for a new one for about a month and a half now, so far, to no avail. I'm not asking for a pizza just for me to enjoy, but also for my friend who is helping me out a ton until I get back on my feet. I'm not starving and I have a safe place to sleep, thanks to his generosity. It's been quite a humbling and learning experience, and I'd like to be able to give him something back in return; I feel like pizza would be a great way to do that. I can't think of anything to do or give in exchange (but if you can, let me know), other than a poem written about whatever you want and the promise to pay it forward when things get better for me. Thanks for your time! 
[Request] post college starvation. (chicago,IL)
hello all,

I am a 24 year old guy who just graduated from university. I have a job, but with rent/bills I have no funds until I get paid on Wednesday. I have been eating beans and rice which is not so bad, but its starting to taste like mush. if anyone could help out, id be sure to pay it forward in the near future. 

thanks!

[request] broke, hungry, and in love..
with pizza. 
ehh??


Watching Star Trek with the person i'm going to marry, have both been up for 24 hours, and are getting really sick of oatmeal... haha so if anyone has a spare pizza laying around we'd be much obliged...the end. 
[Request] for some pizza! Blender broke and I can't make smoothies =(
Blender is toast and I need to wallow in sorrow for a bit. Pizza would help with this.
[REQUEST]Broke UK student. Would very much appreciate a pizza.
I might not have the money to go back home for Christmas. A pizza would definitely cheer me up.
[Request] I dislocated my shoulder last night, and cooking has become very difficult. Eugene, Oregon.
I've heard of this sub-reddit, but today is the first time I've stopped by. For some reason I can't stop thinking about pizza! [Doctor's Orders](http://imgur.com/4loB6)
{REQUEST} Really nice and broke person! Would love a pizza!!
Hey!
I'm new to this site and this RAOP thing, but it is an awesome idea and it would be soooo awesome if someone out there would get me a pizza!

I would share the pizza with any of my friends who come over, so you would be feeding atleast 3 or 4 broke college students!

My account is new, so if anyone needs any verification or what not I would be more than happy to provide it!

Thank you soo much to anyone that helps, my buddies and I would appreciate it a ton!

BTW I live in Dallas and its wayyyyy to scorching hot to venture outside and walk to somewhere with a dollar menu!
[Request] Dough covered in smashed tomatoes and some rotten milk. (Florida)
I am a student looking for gastric entertainment.  If you are interested in offering a pizza, I will gladly accept and thank you graciously.  I will also gladly place an offer post when student loans are distributed (last week of August).  Need info?  PM me!  Thank you for your consideration.  P.S. I did the verification system.
[REQUEST] Poor Friends Want Hungo To Go Go - Gennessee County, Michigan
Trying to hang, but severe stomach pangs are making it hard, and our jester pockets are, alas, empty.
Request - smells like poo.
im home alone in the basement and i am sick and tired of having to sleep with my grandma cause she smells cause im too tired to change her diaper after my 4 hour shift at blockbuster. And to top it all off i just ran out of kitty litter. So my house smells like poo. I also was just declined to be on the show hoarders because they said just because theres shit all over my house doesnt mean im a hoarder. I just wanna smell pizza for once, not shit.
[REQUEST] Virginia, USA: Stuck at home alone with an empty wallet and an empty tummy...
If anyone feels like helping a sister out with a bit of pizza action, I'd *really*, truly appreciate it. Gave the last $20 I had till Wednesday to my boyfriend for gas money before he left for work....prrrrreeeetty hungry now with nothing in the kitchen. Thanks for any consideration.
[REQUEST]  flat broke and no food
no money no food and hungry  a pizza would e nice =[
[Request] London, Ontario. Just failed an exam that I studied 6 months for.
Started studying in December for my Design and Pricing actuarial exams. Results came out Friday. I scored a 5 and the pass mark is a 6. Due to the way they're changing the exam requirements, this means I'll have an extra year (at least) before I finish exams.
[Request] 
Hi there, well I am kinda hesitant about asking but I think the stomach is winning the war over pride. Long story short, had a roommate bail on me, owes me a bunch of monies. Financial aid for summer didn't go so far when my expenses for roof/power/water almost doubled. Hey but it's been great for aesthetics I've lost about 15 pounds since May. Its also been great for teaching me how to be more frugal, and learned to accept charity ( thank you whatever is above for food pantrys). I am moving soon, back home for the fall but I am down to $60 which has to last two weeks, and half of which will have to go to gas. I am in Las Cruces, NM. . . Have a code and such and a major hankering for some hot delicious pizza. Extra Karma bonus Points if you get them to draw a Pony on the box, preferably Pinkie Pie. . .
[Request] pizza for starving guy
I get paid at the end of the month,  the final week is always a struggle.  I could ration a pizza, if I had a pizza. 

I'm willing to return the favor then, or I can take a funny pictures involving cats and pizza. 
[REQUEST]ing pizza to cure sillyness, in Offaly, Ireland. 
Hash partay needs pizza what up
[REQUEST] Pregnant and very hungry {KY,US}
Hey everyone, I'm about 2 months pregnant and im starving tonight. I dont get paid until the 1st in a couple days but I have zero food for tonight, not even some ramen noodles or bread. I'm literally out of everything. I was gonna go to a local church tomorrow to see if they could give me a couple of days worth of food but for tonight I have nothing to eat. If anyone could help me out with 1 hot pizza for tonight I'd be so happy, ty so much! 
[REQUEST] Pizza for Santa on Christmas eve?
I know Christmas eve is tomorrow, but I figured if I posted now this might be seen. Here's the deal, I am a mom of 2 little ones (4 and 1). I will be doing all the Santa duty tomorrow night: wrapping, stockings, putting together toys and trying to make it look like someone visited lol. My husband has to work so this will be the first year I am going solo. (Ironically he works at Pizza Hut lol...unfortunately they dont allow employees free pizza). Anyways, it would make my night much easier to have a pizza delivered. Figured I would ask :)We have a Dominoes, Papa Johns, and Pizza Hut locally.  Thanks for reading even if I dont get my pizza.Happy Holidays!

I used the new Verification system in the sidebar so anyone who offers, I can PM my verification code to prove I am not a scammer.
[Request]Sanford,ME: Starving and got no cash and nothing to cook.
To make a long story short my Cat ran out of food today and I ran out and bought here a bag with my last few dollars. I figured I could tough it out intill Friday when I get paid but maybe someone out there is feeling generous. Not looking for anything Special and please don't feel sorry for me I do have some Peanut butter and jelly but thought I would give this a shot.
[Request] I posted a request about an hour ago but it's not showing up! Louisville, Kentucky
I posted a request already but basically, I have some food here at home but can't afford to go buy anything and my boyfriend and his girls and I are all craving pizza quite a bit. 

(I can provide proof if need be)

Thought I would give this a try and and hopefully recieve a pizza! I solemnly swear to offer pizza in a couple weeks :) 

Thanks!
[REQUEST] London, UK  Extremely poor, tired of butter sandwiches!
Hey there, I am going hungry and would really appreciate a pizza from anyone willing. I'll give a little story about what has led me to be extremely poor (£9 to last until the end of August).

I went to university this year, and moved out of my parent's home to forge a new life in Peckham, which is when everything started going horribly wrong. I hated my course, the people on my course seemingly went out of their way to make me feel uncomfortable (I'm quite shy, and very insecure).

For years now, I've been fighting my demons, keeping them just below the surface - I've always felt like I was just about floating, reading to sink at any moment. Around Christmas, I did just that - sank like a stone. I fell into a major depressive episode that last months, culminating in what I can only describe as a mental breakdown over Easter. I became dependent on weed, never leaving my room or spending time sober other than to go to work on Sundays, and then I'd come home and get high again. Obviously, I dropped out of university.

This, obviously, was a massive waste of money. It also didn't help that I'd lent one of my now ex-housemates £100 to help him pay his rent, which I know now that I will never see again (we live and learn). I have a £970 overdraft that is all gone, and although I've at least paid my rent for this month, I won't be getting paid until the end of August. I also have to pay a week worth of council tax (only £30 but too much for me) for the week before I enrolled, or I'll have a court date, and £40 of library fees tomorrow, but luckily my mum is bailing me out for that (she already bailed me out of last month's rent, so I already owe her £500).

I've had to start working full time, eat butter sandwiches at work because it is all I can afford, and improvise for dinner (or just not eat). I'm extremely skinny anyway, and cannot afford this weight loss.

I spend four hours commuting a day (I work in West London), come home, eat, sleep, get up at 6am to go to work again...I feel very lonely at the moment, and a cheesy, greasy pizza with meat or something would go a long way to providing me with a little comfort at the moment.

Sorry for spilling this all out, I only meant to give a short sum out, but have ended up providing you with an essay! I'm not known for being concise...

But yes, a pizza would be so very appreciated, and if the offerer wanted, I can return the pizza favour once I get paid. I would just like some meat and cheese in my life right now haha. Thanks for listening &lt;3
[request] I went to Mexico with my band to play, ended up losing my wallet and had to wait 2 1/2 hours in secondary to cross back. Pizza just sounds amazing at this point
First time playing Tijuana, Mexico earlier this week and I was a little sketched out. I didnt have a passport just my drivers license but I was told that would work. I made every precaution to play it safe, not taking it out and aware of my surroundings. When I placed my wallet in my jacket and set it next to my amp before I went on, someone grabbed it and it was nowhere to be found. Had to pass through secondary which was a 2 1/2 wait and ended up calling my mom to bring my birth certificate over. I lost my credit card, my newly acquired license, debit card, spare car key, a couple gift cards, and my triple a car. Waiting for friday to get paid, Im living off pb and j sandwiches and right now pizza sounds great.
[Request] Just got an A- on my midterm essay! Illinois, USA
This is such an amazing day!
[Request] FT Worth, TX - This sounds ambitious, but my god - pizza IS delicious
Hey there pizzaland! Pizza would be pretty awesome right now. Definitely don't need it, not starving or anything, but a nice pie is always tasty and would be a welcome treat from all the sandwiches I've been surviving on. I'm currently saving up all my money until after next pay day so I can go see my BFF graduate bootcamp in San Diego. I've been scrimping and saving to make this happen, so unfortunately pizza is just not in the budget right now.  

If anyone would make my night and send me a pizza pie - that would put me over the moon. I'll definitely return the deed in a few weeks once I have some extra spending money (august 9th).

May the pizza deities guide and protect you.
[Request] Just a lovely Houghton, Michigan night
I don't get paid until Wed at my new job(so exciting!) and sure I could go buy some groceries - but who doesn't want a yummy pizza? My cat will surely love you :)

Thanks!
[Request] Bradenton Fl. I have only had peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for the past 9 days.
I'm on my own and have no family to speak of, I'm alone in Florida and have $5.48 left to my name for gas to get to and from work. I lost my job due to downsizing but thankfully got a new one soon after - the only problem is they pay you bi weekly. I started on the 9th of this month and don't get my paycheck until this Thursday - the 26th. I only have enough bread left to have one sandwich a day until then. I want nothing more right now than a Domino's Philly Cheese Steak pizza and a 20oz bottle of cherry coke and I swear to celebrate my first paycheck by giving someone else a pizza as soon as I can. Please help me before I start to cry strawberry jelly.
[Request] It's my reddit cake day. 
I only just realized Halloween was my cake day so I've never celebrated it before. Anybody want to send some celebration toward Washington state? 

[Request] Los Angeles - My girlfriend and I have both been too sick to do anything for days. We can barely get up to get something to eat. Bored and miserable. A pizza would go a long way to making us happy!!
First request, will pay it forward when we're feeling better.
[REQUEST] Just got kicked out by boyfriend :( Don't have any money, using Mcdonalds Wifi, could use some pizza. :)
I live in Goodyear, AZ.

I can receive pizza at an address nearby, however i got kicked out by my boyfriend today because we had a huge argument, sadly, he is the one that makes the money, i am a stay at home mom, he is watching 2 kids right now, i miss them and i want to go home, kind of desperate for pizza :) hopefully i get my wish :).
[Request]Been broke so long I've forgotten what real food tastes like
I'll spare you the hard luck story; I'm sure you've heard it before. My partner and I have been battling the economy for a couple of years now. We've been blessed with a place to live and been able to keep the electricity and the tubes, but food has been scant and invariably cooked by me. A pizza would be a goddess-send. We're in the SF Bay Area, CA. I know I'm a new account; I would be happy to provide proof that I'm a real person.
[Request] Friend has just been dumped and has had a really bad week. Wanted to cheer him up.
He lives in Jackson, MI. I'm kind of new to the whole pizza offers, so if you need anything else just ask.
(Request for Pizza)
We are a family of 3 wanting a dinner of pizza. We have barely any food left this month food-stamps dont come in till the 6th. My 3 year old loves plain pizza and bread sticks. We are a very low income family trying to make it until my boyfriend finds a job. 
[Request] Not gonna make a son story, but I'm on a tight budget and am really craving pizza. Thanks!

[Request] Hello from Deltona, FL .. a pizza would be awesome.
Hello there! My family and I have kind of hit on hard times, though things will be looking up next week. And a pizza would really be awesome, considering we've been on a diet of ramen for a couple of days now. 

More than willing to pay it forward next week when we get some money coming in. 
[REQUEST] I really want a pizza. I'm in Dayton, OH and wish I was in a beach town. I will gladly reciprocate your random act of pizza with anything within the rules that you can think of:-)
Seriously, I want pizza. It blows my mind that I can enjoy a free pizza from someone randomly on the internet. I am at work and would love to eat a pizza in front of everyone:-) Maybe I'll share, it's up to you!
[Request] Home-bound and hungry: husband and wife together 17 years.
TL;DR - My spouse and I are hurting too bad to walk for groceries and have run out of food.


I am mid 30's, hub is in his 40's. 

We rely on one another to get things as a team, but the last two days, my knee has been "out" and his back has been "out" and our grocery trip relies on us walking a half mile to the local Walmart neighborhood grocery store, filling up backpacks and a large rolling suitcase, and walking home with them. 


We have to do our month's shopping all at once because we are on the stamps and to break it up into smaller trips wouldn't allow the money to stretch.


We have an offer for a ride to the store tomorrow, but we've been eating once a day for a week and ran out of food yesterday.

Please pm me if you can help. Willing to answer any questions.

[Edit] Spelling
[request]pizza for 2 adults
I posted in the other subreddit but though I'd try here too. 

Hi reddit. This is my first time ever doing something like this but here I go.

I am requesting a pizza to feed two adults in Westminster MD. My fiancé and i are behind because I broke my ankle in July and have been out of work since because the break required extensive surgery. All pizza chains are equally distant and would require us to pick up.

My fiancé doesn't get paid until next Friday and his parents can only help so much, mostly with money for utilities and prescriptions for both of us. We have maybe $20 to our name and he has a full work schedule next week as well as having to take me to a follow up appointment with my surgeon on Monday, who is located a thirty minute drive away.

We've been eating a lot of PBJs and ramen and our ramen is running out so a pizza could really help out a lot. When we have gotten two pizzas in the past,they have lasted us for three-four days.

Thanks for your consideration and time reading this.

ETA : I do have a verification code for this sub. :)


(first request) I haven't eaten in almost two days, I get paid tomorrow, and I'm getting so desperate.
Some unexpected medical bills came up and I ended up completely broke.  I haven't eaten since Tuesday morning and I can't describe how hungry I am.  If someone, anyone, can help me out today I would be eternally in your debt.  
[Request] California. A girl and her doggie want some Pizza. Will return the favor tomorrow. [pic]
Hello :)

My adorable puppy (pic - http://i.imgur.com/n8OC9.jpg ) and I kindly ask that someone please hook us up with a pizza today.  I'm broke, hungry, and I get paid tomorrow. 


I will most certainly buy you or another redditor(your choice) a pizza tomorrow .

A pizza and a Dr. Pepper would totally rock my world, but a pizza alone would be just as wonderful. 

In the time it has taken me to write this post, she's become much more demanding: http://i.imgur.com/2pY2v.jpg &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;


Please save me from her wrath and send us a Pizza! I solemnly promise to return the favor tomorrow :)

[Request] Broke, unemployed, recently single. Some random pizza would markedly improve my life right now. (Seattle, WA)
Just what the title says. Low on cash, unscheduled from my job, and my girlfriend left me, all within a couple weeks of one another. I've been struggling through job and internship applications, and trying to keep my head up, but it's not going great. My sleep and eating schedules have taken a dive as a result. Not to speak of my mood, most of the time. I'm not starving or anything, but it's a pretty rough situation.

If any kindly redditor would be willing to send a pizza my way (it'd be dinner tonight and lunch tomorrow), I'd be very grateful, and promise to pay it forward the moment I can afford to do so. If not, that's okay - someone on here probably needs it more than me.
[Request] in Rockford, IL for our anniversary dinner
Well, the wife and I have been married a year tomorrow and we would LOVE to eat something other than Ramen on this special night but we are totally broke! God bless!
[Request] Feed a hungry physics student and his daughter
Hi everyone! I'm a physics grad student with a 6 year old daughter who want some pizza. We live in Albany, CA (next to Berkeley). We don't have any money because my soon-to-be ex-wife (daughter's mother) is sick (multiple sclerosis) and can't work. Bank of America stopped paying her disability pay back in January and my research stipend isn't even enough to cover our rent. So my choices are top ramen, peanut butter and jelly *again*, or a random act of pizza. 

Her mom is busy being fed at restaurants by her new boyfriend while we're here in the apartment struggling to get by. So some pizza would really hit the spot right about now.

Your kindness will be greatly appreciated.
{Request} I've had a rubbish day and need cheering up please reddit
So I'm pretty broke this month and just heard from work that I wont be needed for a few weeks meaning that I don't have any money coming in for a while. I heard this after getting back from a full day in uni and with a few hours of reading to do tonight so I would really appreciate some pizza. In return I will pay the favour forward when I get money again and send the redditor who makes me smile a story of some kind or photos of me looking happy :) please help me random knights of the internet.

EDIT: location is uk
[Request] Broke and hungry in Michigan, never done this before. Pizza me anyone?

[REQUEST] Mom's in hospital with a brain tumor and I'm hungry in  Oklahoma 
Hay reddit, about a year ago my mom got colon cancer and they had to do a big surgery to remove it. ( the took out about two feet of her colon) just this week she went back in only to find out that she had a 4x5x6 tumor on the right side of her brain. My dad's a trucker and until he can get back home (today hopeful) I've been left to fend for my self. I am craving a pizza but I have no money; could someone help me out with that?  
[REQUEST] Would a UK Redditor be willing to donate to a hungry couple?
Hello all. Having been laid off in March, the last few months have been lean for my partner and I, but I finally got a job today! I don't start until September so there are still plenty more nights of pasta and pulses, I just wondered if someone might be able to put a cheese-topping on what has been a long awaited good day and let us go to bed tonight fat and happy on Pizza? I'll pay it forward with my first paycheque and be eternally grateful. Many thanks to all of those wonderful people who make this subreddit a garden of kindness and hope. 
[Request] Unemployed, unemployment hasn't even kicked in, only $4 left, would love a pizza and I'll even hoard the leftovers for a few days. 
Title pretty much explains it all, I am in fact dirt broke, I've even started putting up anything valuable on ebay. I probably won't have a dime for another week or two, my mom also just told me she has a pancreatic tumor that has spread to her liver, I'm just down in general right now. I would love the comfort food of pizza, especially now that I can't even afford to stick to my paleo diet. 
[REQUEST] Help me and my family get dinner tonight!
My family (myself, husband, and 5 year old son) are in need of dinner tonight. We have been waiting for our paychecks that were supposed to show up on Tuesday. They have yet to come. Meanwhile, we have no food in the house. I have a friend that is coming to give us some cash to get through the next few days but she can't come until tomorrow morning - that's when she herself gets paid.

We are in desperate need for something to get us through tonight. We do have several pizza places and places to order in from (Dominos, Hungry Howies, Papa Johns to name a few) and am hoping some generous soul will be willing to help us in any way. I'm willing to provide any information needed to help! 
[Request] Annville, PA Starting an all nighter, but totally broke and would love a plain pie.
Hi there, this is my first request. It's 12:39 local time, and I'm looking at a long night. I have a job that pays monthly, and I receive my first check in about a week. Until then I am completely broke. Thanks!!
[Request] just moved across the county to Oregon. Broke and sooooo hungry!
Hi I'm shmuel. I know I just joined Reddit but I in real need here. Just moved across the county to Portland Oregon. I lost my bank card and I don't have anything to eat!  Please help nee out. I now know what it means to go hungry! 
[Request] Newborn baby squalls and my roommate and I are tired. Please help?
My roommate's wife is gone for the first time and their infant son will not take the bottle.  He's been screaming for the last hour, and neither of us have the wherewithal to cook or the cash for delivery.  Please help.

Edit: Withdrawn!  My friend is cooking dinner for us.
[REQUEST] (CB, Canada) A pizza'd go a long way for me.
Hey RAoP. Long-time lurker; first-time poster.

My situation requires something kind of long-term, which I don't really expect to find online (I don't want to be over-reliant on the community; you guys are great) but which I hope to... figure out fairly soon. I'm disabled; receiving assistance which is pretty inadequate -- in the process of applying for more.

Anyway, all of that aside, a pizza'd go a long way toward bridging the gap this month. I'd sincerely appreciate it.
[Request] Nova Scotia, Canada. Broke and hungry, pizza would be amazing.
broke college student, would love to taste pizza on my tongue tonight. hook me up!
[Request] Ogden, Ut. I have 84 cents in my account and I don't get paid until next friday.
Just really hungry and I finished off the last of my peanut butter and ramen noodles yesterday. Totally would appreciate some pizza love right now from Reddit.
[request] I got a new job today! But I don't start until Thursday :(
I'd love to celebrate via pizza lol (ky)
[REQUEST] MA, USA, I would love some pizza for studying for finals!
I have (college) finals this weekend and I am going to be studying all night tonight and tomorrow. My friends and I could use some pizza!
[Request] Eastern Iowa stuck indoors with an empty fridge
My bank account is empty and I can't leave the house because I am waiting for a roommate's package from UPS.  If someone would generously send a pizza I would happily pass it forward next week.
[Request] Stressed and Hungry in MN
Stressing out about my 5 years olds testings tomorrow at the St Paul Childrens Hospital. Not in the mood to cook but must feed the boys somehow. Would love the help of getting dominos or pizza hut for dinner.  Thanks in advance.
~Kacey, Del, JC and Caden~
[Request] Just moved to Chicago, gf and I are willing to do something silly if you fill our bellies. Lets make a deal!

[Request][UK] Trapped in our arguing friend's house and we're stoned and hungry.
Hello reddit,

Here's our story.

We're at a friend's house in (essentially) the middle of nowhere. We've come down to stay for a few days, and none of us have cars, so we're essentially stuck food free.

Now, here's the tricky part. The two people we are staying with are currently having 'a relationship tiff'. Essentially they've left us downstairs, post several joints, and we have absolutely no food, and a tremendous, burning desire for it.

We're sat desperately hoping they aren't breaking up, as this would be seriously uncool whilst high, and it would firmly delay our chance to eat pizza.

Thank you.
[request] Milwaukee, WI. Going to school and not my home town. wanna make new friends.
I've been going to school at the art institute of wisconsin for about a year now, and since I don't actually live in Milwaukee and I'm kinda awkward, its a little hard to make friends. what better way than to offer them some free pizza and have a nice chat? would be much appreciated.
[request] pizza for my dad ?
I'd love to get a pizza for my dad, it'd have been my moms birthday tomorrow and hes taking it pretty rough..
he's visiting me tonight and I can't afford to get one myself right now, buy will pay it forwards asap, promise !
(toronto, ontario, canada)
[Request] Broke UIUC college students trying to live out last week of career
My roommates, some who are graduating, and I are trying to celebrate this last week but are broke like normal college students.  Save us the beer money and please send us a pizza here at the University of Illinois. It will be much appreciated.
[REQUEST] SW PA USA
Hey chaps,

I've been having a difficult time recently with my layoff, and it's honestly been a while since I've been able to get take out. So, any fine chaps and lasses want to help a fellow Redditor out? I'll compensate once I get my tax refund back in the future if that's incentive too :)

Cheers!
[Request] Another college student here. 3 days left till I go home, running out of resources.
I only have 3 days until I'm done exams and I'm getting to the last of my food (will run out today) and money for the term(down to $10). I am hoping that one of my fellow redditors will add a little pizzazz to my diet with some pizza. I'm from Ontario Canada and go to the University of Waterloo and major in Math, so if you need any help there I can help you out in exchange. 
[request] I have had a real depressing week...
How has my week been? Well I got paid on Thursday and after paying the mortgage and unexpected meds I have about $15-20 to last me the next 2 weeks after it all clears the bank.

So I am sitting here at work dreading going home to another bowl of ramen or a PB&amp;J. And while I don't really NEED a pizza tonight it would be nice.

I'm in West Texas btw.

[REQUEST] Belfast, N. Ireland. Down to our last few beers, don't have money for food!
Psalms 12:4 ''Lest ye be without pizza, ask upon the goodwill of Reddit and ye shall be rewarded...with pizza''

EDIT: PLEASE JEEBUS.
{{Request}} DFW (Irving) area - I am 50, 126 lbs, survivor of Polio &amp; Lymphoma, &amp; Hungry!
Making it month to month on Government Disability (proof upon request) and any help is greatly appreciated!
God Bless!
[Request] Broke and Hungry
(Forgot to mention that I live in Central TX) 

Long shot, but here goes.

I'm unemployed and going through a divorce. Aside from cheating on me she spent all my money and what little I had left went straight to the divorce. I'm down to my last $35.00-----period. This is AFTER selling everything I have that I don't still owe money on. I literally own nothing else but clothes, computer, car, and a dryer. My friends and family have already helped far too much and I'd hate to ask for more favors. I'm ALL out of groceries and won't begin to collect unemployment for another week or two. I didn't eat at all yesterday. 

I was wondering if there was someone out there who would be kind enough to feed me today. I don't care what size or whats on it, I just need something to eat.

[REQUEST][Western MA] No wallet, no money, and I'm starving!
Hey guys, I'm starving, and currently have no money on me. I'm house sitting my friend's and there is NO food in the entire place, so I have no way to eat at the moment. I'm not broke, just hungry. I'll repay the favor, and am willing to work for it!

Thanks all, you're the best.
[Request] Pizza for Dexter night
Would very much appreciate a Pizza for Dexter night tonight! My friends and I usually have munchies, this time we are watching it at my house. Because I am trying to lose weight (20 pounds down!) I spent all of my food-money on healthy shit nobody will want. I would be more than happy to return the favour tomorrow or Tuesday.

Thanks for reading! On a side note: who's excited for Dexter?!
[Request] just diagnosed, need some pizza support
I just got diagnosed with throbbing gristle disease. If you don't know what that is then you're defenatly better off.  Could really use a pizza tonight to take the depression away.  Philadelphia
[Request] My funds are lower than the Jamaican limbo champion's limbo stick, and that's low. *Austin, TX*
Hey everyone, I feel weird for posting this, but we're desperate. So, here it goes.

My girlfriend, **MuchToTheDutch**, and I both recently got jobs after three months of being unemployed new arrivals to Austin. This is awesome,but we started our jobs the 27th of June and we got paid through the 30th. This basically meant that we had just barely enough to cover our rent and bills. We've been living off rice, beans, ramen, and pasta for the last 10 or 11 days and we have to stretch it until next Monday when we get paid.  We haven't even been eating lunch; it's down to a meal a day at this point.

If some awesome person could hook us up with a pizza tonight, it would completely make our day. We'll pay it back two fold come Monday and post a follow up thread that day too.

Thanks,

**TexanInExile**

**Edit: [This is the guy I was talking about.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNZocat6NJE)**
[REQUEST] (Illinois USA) I haven't had pizza in at least 3 weeks. Have 3 Biology chapters to study for tonight - Help!
I honestly can't remember the last time I had pizza. It's a sad life, but when you're unemployed, luxuries such as pizza go away.
Anyway, I've just been craving pizza like mad for a week or so, and I don't want to eat mac and cheese AGAIN for the third time this week.
I'm going to be up super late studying for these 3 chapters and doing quizzes.
Lurked for a while, but never submitted anything to this sub...hoping a generous soul will help out this hungry soul!
[Request] Dundee, Scotland. Student with no food looking for the kindness of a stranger to buy pizza.
Hey i have never used this before but have no money so thought i would give it a try. I would really love to have a pizza right now. And would appreciate someone to buy me one. Then i will owe you a favour. lol 
[REQUEST][USA] Mom and grandfather in the hospital, sister at a soccer game, dad has work and has to visit two different hospitals, cant leave the house, no money, no food.
**EDIT: NEVER MIND! Since we couldn't hang out, my girlfriend made me and delivered dinner! Here's my sob story anyway**

I never really did this before so I'm not sure how it works, and from the looks of how many people are posting and asking for pizza, I probably wont get any, but it's worth a go. My grandfather has been in the hospital for a week and my mom just went in this morning because she has pneumonia. My dad, who is still in the middle of work, just drove my sister to her soccer game and is going to visit my grandpa, then to visit my mom in a different hospital, then going back to work. He came home for a half hour and he said I can't leave the house because I have SATs tomorrow morning and no one can come over because no one is home. When he left he told me we have nothing to eat and to buy my own food tonight and he'll pay me back. I just checked my wallet and I remembered I just spend my only $20 to buy a prepaid card to buy a game on Steam last night and I'm kind of regretting that now. Now I'm stuck here alone for two hours until my sister gets a ride home from her soccer game and who knows when my dad will be home. No matter what time he gets home, I still wont be able to eat. So all I'm asking for is a small pizza for one so I can eat tonight.

TL;DR: Grandpa and my mom are in the hospital. My dad drove my sister to her soccer game then has to visit two different hospitals before going back to work. Home alone. Can't buy pizza because I bought a game last night with the last of my money.
[Request] Pizza.
[I don't have a reason, but I'd like a pizza anyway.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERXq3r1Kq0Q)

[REQUEST]From Cedar Rapids Iowa!
My 3 boys wear me out every night! I could use a pizza tonight for after when they go to bed!
[Request] Perfect storm of stupid stuff
Just lost a beloved family pet -- heroic last efforts at saving her cost a bundle and we had just had to front first/last/deposit on a new place. Out of funds, out of food, miss our dog, could use a pizza. :(
[Request] I had to work through my dinner break. I now have three hours till I'm free to eat and I don't think I'll make it. Some pizza would be hella tight. 
I'll survive the night, but it won't be pretty. I think I can see my heart beating through my ribcage. Is that normal? 

I have a Dominos, Little Cesars, and Hungry Howie's in town. 
[REQUEST] Will Retouch Photos For Pizza
Hey RAOP!

As a freelance writer and graphic designer, I'm always short on dough (both kinds...) I figured, why not have an exchange! I'll retouch 5 photos in photoshop in exchange for some cheesy goodness! 

You'll get the finished JPG (and the PSD file on request!)

I live in Burbank, CA.

:)
[REQUEST]Would love to have pizza tonight. Can return the favor on Friday. Fayetteville AR
All out of bread for PB&amp;J. I get paid on Friday. Can anyone help me out? I'm going to basically just starve until Thursday Midnight. Help hold me over please.
{Request}  Savannah, GA
9 kids to feed, health took down spiral, and job closed to due economy. Appreciating any help necessary. If able e-card is sufficient.
[Request] Broke College Student, Chicago
Hey, I'm a broke college student, would really appreciate a pizza.  I'll pay it forward when I can
[Request] It's Friday night, I'm alone, I'm broke, and all my friends are going to Burning Man next week (Philadelphia, PA)
I'm not going to Burning Man, I'm staying home to build a foundation for myself and find some gainful employment.

Edit: Also, y'know, I can't afford to go to the other side of the country and all that jazz.
[Request] Broke until payday this Friday. Any generous strangers out there?
Hey RAOP, I'm college student living with a couple friends right now. After having about a dollar in my bank account for about 4 weeks I finally started working last week and will get paid on Friday. Unfortunately we are running out of food, and a pizza sounds just wonderful right about now. If anyone out there is willing to help us out, we'd be forever grateful! :) 
[Request] Just wanting a Pizza
Hi all. First time requesting here. No sob story, nothing like that. I'm just a hungry college gal in want of pizza. If you take the time to send me one I'd be so grateful!
[Request] I don't want to eat Ramen again tonight and have a security deposit due next week. (Pittsburgh, PA)
Exactly as the title says. Belt is tightened, but ramen sounds ghastly. Will be sure to pay it forward next month.
[REQUEST] Just moved across country, no money for a few days
Hey! So I just moved across the country for school. I had a job during the summer, but I just spent every last dime (and maxed out my credit cards) to pay rent/gas for the drive/utilities. I don't get my last paycheck until the 1st on Monday. I won't even have Internet/cable until I get loan disbursements in a month (phoneposting... sigh)

The only food I have available is a cup of butterscotch candies the complex gave me. I'd really appreciate any help I can get. 
REQUEST: $25 bucks left for gas for the week. Nothing for food. Totally craving pizza.
Collegedale, TN. I am trying to get my MBA, going to classes full-time and working 2 jobs. 
[REQUEST] i could really use a wish(pizza) right now
just looking to get some good eats. i'm broke until pay day tomorrow, and all my co-workers decided to order elaborate carry out food. now my job smells like a cafeteria and all i have to eat is the inside of my cheek. a random act of pizza would be amazing, and would gladly return the favor post-pay day to you (pizza buyee) or anyone else in need of pizza. ;\ thanks!
[REQUEST] Bf and I are broke until payday, fridge is a wasteland, anyone care to help us?
2 more days until payday and my man and I are starving! Anyone care to help us out? We'll gladly return the favor on Thursday when he gets paid! We've been reading through these stories and you folks are the best, glad to see that someone out there still has a heart for people far worse off than us!

edit: Forgot our location, we're in Austin texas!!
[request] Nashville USA It's my birthday tomorrow and have no food in my house...not even cake a pizza would be great.
I don't really know what to put here. I guess I will put my favorite pizza combo haha. 

Meat lovers with green peppers onions and jalepenos(not sure how to spell this without the line thing). 
[REQUEST] Chesterfield MI. My family's been going through a rough time and we usually don't have much money. I haven't much in 2 days and just want something filling to eat.
PM for details. If you can't that's alright. Other people need it more than me. I don't even know if some pizza places still deliver this late either.
[Request] Tucson, Az. College kid, no money, job status caught up in bureaucracy
I had no idea this subreddit existed. Very cool stuff.

Anyway, I'm supposedly going to start working an on-campus gig for the University of Arizona soon, but the person responsible for the job has been dragging their feet hardcore. Bank account is in the shit, I don't own any credit cards, and the only thing I have in my house is a can of tuna. I don't even like tuna.

Probably not as deserving as a single mom, but college kids gotta eat, too! And if you're a local I will take you out for a drink once I start working :)
[request] Stuck at work on my day off
I got called in on my first weekend off in forever because my coworker is an idiot, and claims I was supposed to be in today. It's fine because I need the money anyway... but I'd really like a pizza when I get home, so I don't need to worry about cooking so late, or getting to bed at a decent hour for classes tomorrow. Plus I just would like some pizza...and I promise to share some with my dog. 
[Request][UK]Broke Uni Student willing to create a "choose your own adventure" thread of any genre following you (The Bringer of Pizza) for 1 week (A post each day at the very least) could go on longer.
Pretty much explained myself in the title. The comment thread will be in /r/SelectiveDestiny, oh and don't forget to tell me which genre you would like for your adventure.
[request] USA Would love to chill with a pizza tonight. Need $5 GC
If anyone has a $5 GC to dominos i could get a small pizza. In return I could put on my best santa voice and pretend to be santa for your kids. HO HO HO!
[UK REQUEST] Hungry student needs some food
On my own in student house over the summer - pretty bored and lonely, ran out of money last week and not due any until loan payment in September. Been eating basics from my cupboard for the past few days - I probably won't starve, but a pizza would make such a big difference right now. Won't be able to pay it forward until mid September when I get lots of money, but when I do I will buy a couple if someone helps me out.
Thanks for your time reddit. 
[Request] Just found out that a good friend died last week, could really use some comfort food
I'm in a state of disbelief and shock. I don't have the energy to cook. Pizza would be a nice comfort right now, considering it's the next best thing to hugs.

I'm in Massachusetts. Dominos gift card is best. I'll draw a picture of anything you want in return, if you'd like, even though I'm not that good.

[REQUEST]Really low on cash and ramen isn't so awesome anymore. 
Hey, reckon I'd try this. Just looking for my pizza angel! Been running on minimum wage for a while, and really craving some pizza that I can't afford. Promise to pay it forward as soon as I can. 
I'm in Murfreesboro, TN. :]
[Request]After 18 hour kidney stone attack, exhausted and starving in WA
After spending 18 hours in a lot of pain and devoid of any appetite, the pain has either taken a break or I am stone free. Either way I am exhausted and (finally!) starving. Not really wanting to move around much for fear of jinxing the peace my ureter has found and pizza sounds delicious. Anyone want to help a girl out? Your act would never be forgotten by me and always appreciated.
[REQUEST] Tennessee USA - Got bailed on &amp; broke!
[Pizza received]

Believe it or not, my *parents* bailed on me for dinner tonight! Remarkable! And I don't get my refund from school until late April, but willing to repay the favor then. :)

I'd love to wash down my sorrows with a cheese pizza!

[Request] Out of food until Friday Dover, DE
I thought I had planned a bit better for my family, but I wasn't able to stretch this last check as far. The wife and I have been fighting to pay medical bills with no end in sight. My wife has been in remission from cancer for 3 months. We're both staying hopeful that she have defeated this. I don't know what I would do if I lost my wife. She has been the love of my life for 15 years and we are still going strong. I feel that I've let her down as a man because we have never gone without food. This is probably one of the lowest moments of my life, but I have to ask for help. I asked my brother if he could loan me a little cash until Friday but he's in just as bad of a situation as I am. I found a food pantry but it's too far away and no one at this location was willing to meet me halfway. I am hoping that someone out there can help my family and I. Please consider us. Thank you.
Request:
Request: I am trying to have a party tonight because my mom and sister are out of town. I am just a broke college student and I'm being honest I want pizza. I am not a sob story... I have a pretty easy going life and love pizza!
[REQUEST] a pizza for New Zealand?
I'm happy to sing for my supper, here's my story so far in handy bullet points:

* moved to another city to stay with a friend who assured me I could stay until I found a job

* friend changed their mind after two weeks and kicked me out

* managed to find a room in the house of a friend of my parents 

* paying $150 a week, no income, is supposed to include food but no food in the house

* to top it all off I'm still unemployed!

So yeah, after paying for food there is nothing to eat. There's no Internet here (my smartphone is my saviour) and my email inbox is full of rejections from jobs I've applied to. Even the local supermarkets aren't hiring!

I would definitely appreciate some cheering up in the form of a pizza if any redditor felt like helping me out :)

[Bonus pic of empty fridge](http://i.imgur.com/3J2oj.jpg) (bowl is dog food)
[REQUEST] College student with little money, my Star Wars original trilogy was stolen and I am stuck watching Episode III. 
The title says is all. If anyone can spare me a pizza it will make me less depressed about what I have to do to get my Star Wars fix.

In London, On.
[REQUEST] North Miami, Florida -- Tired of beans and rice (recently just rice), but my next paycheck isn't until 7/15.
A pizza would give me a couple of days' worth of food that's a little different than what I've been eating for the last few months. I'll do whatever verification is necessary.
[REQUEST] Hungry and with family in West Palm Beach, Fl. 
 I'm tired and just got family from Venezuela in today. We have nothing to eat, my grandma doesn't speak english nor is able to drive. My mom is studying for a crutial college exam and won't be back till around 9pm. I highly doubt that she'll like me doing this but I have nO money. In short, can anyone send a large cheese Pizza tO me?
[REQUEST]
I love pizza, and haven't had it in ages as it's too expensive for me....then I found this site.  I'll be soooo happy to receive one! :)
[REQUEST] NYC Grad Student in need of pizza. 
Hi Reddit,

I've been a long time lurker of your FUU memes through my friend's links. I'm reaching out to you since I  moved to nyc this summer to start grad school and can barely afford living here, let alone cover my expenses. I've been living off Ramen noodles and PB&amp;J sandwiches for the past 2 months and could really use a pick me up.


[Request] Tallahassee college student tired of ramen and pb&amp;j
Basically I ran out of money in my school checking account and my personal checking account my debit card has expired so as of Tuesday im waiting 10-14 business days for a new one. Only have like 3 cans of tuna, couple packs of ramen and like a decent amount of pb&amp;j but like 2 slices of bread left and some kraft singles. Should be enough to keep me fed until I can access my funds but a pizza this weekend would really let ration what I have left in case I have to wait a full 14 days. Tallahassee Florida, FSU student. Parents will not help (as usual) they said if I need money ill have to wait 3 weeks. You don't understand how much I would appreciate this.
[request] Saskatoon SK - Crap Week - Dumped By The GF - Did Not Get Job I Wanted - Broke Too
Not the best week as you can see from the title. Money stresses making my relationships fall apart and struggling to get back on my feet. Pizza would not only cheer me up but fill my belly. Any help is appreciated : )
[Request] Trying to make it in a new city - been eating ramen every day for a couple weeks now
Hey RAP, I just recently moved from my hometown near Seattle (had to get away from some toxic people) and am having a real tough time of it.  I don't like asking for handouts but I don't know how I can eat anymore ramen noodles.  Any help for someone who had to take out a payday loan just to make rent this month would be amazingly appreciated.  Thanks.
[REQUEST] In need of cheesy deliciousness!
To be honest I don't really have much of a sob story. I'm just broke and really hungry.. Lol. Anyone wanna help out a fella?
[Request] Poor unemployed post-grad, in need of a meal
Canadian post-grad here, I don't really want to get into too much detail about myself suffice to say that I have bills racked up that I need to pay and no job to pay for them, increasingly falling into debt and I know it's crazy but I've been prioritizing paying down my student loans than feeding myself. I'm not sure how much longer I can go on like this, I've lost a lot of weight over the past few months and things just keep getting worse. If my father was still alive I'm sure I wouldn't need to ask for this help, but in the current financial state my mother is in I cannot ask her for help (she would help me, but then she would have nothing to eat, maybe even lose her house).

I feel disgusted with myself that it has come to this, my self esteem isn't usually this low but with everything the way it is, it's hard to feel good about myself.
[Request] Staying at school for thanksgiving, first snowfall and i'm sick of soup
Been sick, nothing too bad just flu like cold. Only have been eating soup, thus haven't stocked up on food for a while. I will pay it forward for the holidays!
[Request] Father and daughter broke til next Friday and need help before Irene comes!
We are in Cambridge, MD. I'm a single father and am broke until next Friday because of some car issues the past week. My daughter and I would love to nosh on some pizza tonight, but I can't afford the pie! Definitely looking to pay it forward this coming Friday when the cash comes back around.
[request] Chicago west side student
I'm swimming in student debt from my bachelor's degree while working on a master's degree. I live in a neighborhood many pizza delivery places won't go to, and if they do they don't come out of their car and you have to go out to them. I would love a pizza, or a gift card so I could pick up a pizza on my way home from my job. I just recently started making too much to qualify for food stamps anymore, but just barely. My food budget is tight, and things like pizzeria pizza are usually not an option.
[REQUEST] - Just a random broke redditor looking for some pizza for lunch(and dinner!)(and breakfast tomorrow!) [Los Angeles, CA]
Hey RAOP! It's lunch time and I'm hungry.  I have 2 bucks in my bank account but I have the feeling that is going to go to gas so I can get to my new gig on Friday.  I have some vegetable soup, and a can of tuna, and some chocolate chips(?), so its not like I'll starve to death or anything.  I'm just a guy who loves pizza.  I love smelling it, looking at it, eating it, eating it when its cold, eating after heating it up in the toaster oven again so it gets nice and crispy... mmmm...  no expectations, I'll delete this in 2 hours or so if i need to 
[REQUEST] Cambridge, UK
I am a postgrad whose adviser just told me my thesis project needs to be completely changed. Could you please send me a pizza to cheer me up?
[Request][UK] Dont get paid until Friday and I'm hungry.
Hey, I dont really want to cry with a sob story but I'm really hungry and i cant afford anything! A pizza would be a welcome treat for me and my dog! 

Thanks :)
Pizza Request...
So this isn't quite the usual post but me and my friends broke out the old N64 tonight and were playing some Harvest Moon, we had gotten as far as building the second story to our house when my N64 shut off!! and now it won't even boot back up... we're totally bummed out, and if any of you guys know how we feel, we'd love a pizza right now. Thanks in advance
[REQUEST] Philadelphia PA short film production in need of food!
Hey redditors, I'm a starving artist and shooting a short film on Sunday, February 3rd with a bunch of other local starving artists.  There will be about 20 hungry people in a cold and drafty warehouse building in Bristol, PA.

We've got a thank you or provided by credit available to anyone willing to share a slice.

Thanks!
[Request] I live with a food-thief, and I'm either going to eat my curtains, or him.
Hello, people. 

I was just told about this subreddit by a friend after venting to him about this evenings biggest annoyance. I've taken part in pizza sharing things before, I just honestly never knew there was a subreddit for it. My favourite time anything like that happened was this one time me and a friend spent _forever_ calling anywhere we could find in this small Czech town, trying to order pizza for a mutual friend we knew online, but that's a long and HILARIOUS tale involving calling the _Mayor_ even, and I'll gladly share it if folk want to hear it.

Anyway, my issue, sob story, whatever you wanna call it.

Basically I live with a flatmate in a really crappy part of the northwest UK, and this guy I share my space with is a presumptuous ass. It's not uncommon to find he's 'borrowed' something of mine, not cleaned after himself if he used the kitchen/bathroom/toilet/anything, and a favourite trick of his seems to be eating my food when he thinks I'm not in or asleep. 
That happened tonight. I come in from a day out with family and open the fridge, I'd been planning on making a veritable bathtub full of chilli to eat and freeze in for the next few days until my payday, however tonight I get to learn that he's had company over and guess what he made for these upstanding citizens! He basically used _everything_ I had left, _everything_, to feed his drugdealer friends as they came over to smoke weed, be loud, and play/watch whatever happens to be ridiculously loud in the next room over. One pointless shouting match later I'm sat here tired, wet, and hungry enough that I'd happily eat my bed. Spoke with the family I _just_ came from about this and I'm invited back over for dinner on Friday, the day prior to my payday. Still leaves me foodless tonight and tomorrow, though, and a friend pointed me here. I already said that. Um.

I've no idea of etiquette here, I've no idea if I said too little or not enough, but hey there's my request. I will say though that I'm probably gonna stick around here, and will definitely pass on the favour to somebody elses request once I'm paid. Share the love and such.
[Request] broke college student who lost his job
So today I got fired, which blows. My car got hit last night in the parking lot and the whole front in is destroyed. I called into work and said if I didn't make it in I would be fired. I couldn't find a ride from anyone, so I got fired. Definitely a total bummer day. If anyone can help me out, I would appreciate it a ton.
[Request]
Recently heard of this site through the media and I was wonder if you could deliver a pizza to a dear friend of mine, she's starving because her schoolwork has piled so high that she doesn't have time for a job. If possible, I'd like my name to somehow get through to her..
[request] Massachusetts: Finals are over, a celebratory pizza?
It's been my toughest semester yet, having to work overtime just to pay basic bills (all of which I'm still behind on, of course) on top of going to school full time. My last final was yesterday and it would be nice to have some kind of reward!
[Request] Canada. Got a call back for dream job! Would love to celebrate surprise with some pizza instead of rice and beans. Verification available :)
I applied to work at a photography studio to gain experience outside my chosen field and have a chance to fulfill a dream of mine while making money for school. Didn't have any hope because of no past related history, but received a call 1 hour ago to be told I am a candidate for the second and final interview! 

Obviously, as a pay-it-forward, I will fulfill a request as soon as I can afford it.

Thanks guys! 
[REQUEST] I'm sick, it hurts to talk and just about everything else. Pizza wont make me better physically, but it sure would make me feel better :)
http://i43.tinypic.com/vcqe6s.jpg - Doctors certificate included.

I live in Melbourne, Australia.

[Request] Pizza for a broke, sick, Brooklynite
never thought I'd be here doin this, but I am broke, not feelin well, and very hungry.  I would love to return the favor next month when things clear up for me!  thank you so much for considering helpin me out
[Request] 21st Birthday Party! - Buffalo, NY
My Birthday is this friday (November 16th) and I'm turning 21! :D I'm extremely excited! I've been browsing Reddit all evening and I randomly got the idea! /r/RandomActsOfPizza was what originally brought me to Reddit for the first time; just the amount of awesomeness involved is unlike anything else I've seen. I've never actually had a good enough reason to post here (other than having the munchies) but now I think I do! It'd make my 21st birthday awesome!
[Request]My house would love a pizza tonight!
Pm me if you'd like to help me celebrate passing finals! :)
[request] broke college student with no power.
The electric company turned off my power last night, I payed the bill, with what money I had left, but they said they won't turn it on until monday. I have little food, and what I do have is freezer stuff that I can't cook. I have two long papers to write for class and I'm pretty much running on empty and can't concentrate. What's a girl gotta do to get some pizza =\. This post honestly makes me feel so pathetic, took a lot of courage to finally post it, not a fan of asking for help.

It would really help if someone could send me an egift card or something, then when im back on my feet ill payt forward as much as i can.
[Request] Pizza for unemployed graduate in sf/bay area.
hi! looking for some dinner tonight. i've recently started on a job hunt since getting my degree a couple weeks and haven't found success. sadly, i'm starting to go low on cash. i'll make sure to pass on the favor when i've making my own money. thanks!
[Request] New to this, not sure how it works
edit [Pizza Received] Thank you SaySheSaid2! 


Hi. 35/f, love long walks on the beach, wishes for world peace, etc.    

I'm about another month of being poor away from my goal weight but food would be awesome too. Not sure how this works. Just looking for a small pizza (I think that would probably get me a couple of meals) and maybe a soda? My concern though is that I don't have enough cash to tip the driver for delivery and I think carry out has ended. Do these deals work somehow with tip included? If not, I think I would rather pass than not tip.    

I get paid Friday so hoping to pay it forward then.
[Request] KY USA really needing a pizza
Not a dollar to my name thanks to electric deposit, here in my new apartment with an empty fridge until payday. Would really appreciate some food.
[Request] Papa Johns for a graduating college student? (Which means a job + No more Ramen!!!) :D
Thanks in advance RAOP. As the title says, I'll be graduating on the 4th with my bachelor's! Hooray! In the meantime though, I'm broke as all hell due to moving expenses. Could you buy me a papa johns pizza here in tempe?

Thanks again RAOP! When I get my job, I promise my first check will be spent buying pizza for people here on the board :D
[request] Cheesy goodness cravings in London, England... if anywhere's still open?

[REQUEST] California, please order me this pizza, you will get so much karma (reddit and irl)
[the desired pizza &lt;3](http://imgur.com/MFm5B)
[Request] Hungry Student , Oxford, UK
I'm a hungry student and would love a meal that costs more than £3! I love pizza, so just thought I'd ask.
Requesting Pepperoni Pizza Tiffin, IA
Hello, Not quite sure how this work, but a buddy told me about this. I am super broke as I've had to make rent and deposit for a new apartment as well as rent for the old place! I will be visiting my local food pantry on Mon, but I'm hungry now. :/
[Request]Laid up with a broken leg
I broke my leg racing my dirtbike in hare scrambles. Been laid up flat broke without insurance since the 15th. A pizza that there's no way I could afford at this point would totally blow my mind. I fully intend to pay this favor forward once I can provide for myself again.

*edit* Forgot to include location, I live in Minnesota

*edit2* request fulfilled by throwawayporksalad
[Request] Hungry mother and baby, please help, god bless
My baby and I havent had anything to eat and Im so hungry and shes been crying all day. Im doing my best to cheer her up but we could really use some food in our tummies. Thank you! God bless!

heres a photo of us
http://imageshack.us/f/854/babymama.jpg/


THANK YOU SO MUCH EVERYONE. I AM GOING TO BE OK!!! THANK YOU REDDIT!
[request] I forgot my wallet and would like a sandwich from Dominos in [PDX, OR]
Hello,

Yesterday I went to get groceries and I switch to small bag purse. Now my wallet is in the small bag purse. In my wallet it has my ID so I can't get money at a bank. Today is payday and I do have money but no access to it.I am too afraid to ask my coworkers to borrow money as I am a student worker so my coworkers are all my supervisors.  I work at 8am everyday and I skip breakfast. I don't want to be greedy and get a whole pizza so that is why I am asking for a sandwich.

You can check my account, I have send strangers random cards to try to pay it forward.

EDIT: I didn't get anything but that is okay. I get off work in a hour and I can go home and finally eat something.
First time requesting - throwaway acct
Wife &amp; I are splitting up for good, she has gone for the weekend to spend time with some of her family for a bit.  Using a throwaway because we haven't notified most of our friends &amp; family yet of our situation, and I know a few people know my primary reedit account.  It's an amicable split, but that doesn't make it instantly easy, either.

That all being said, it's not only rough emotionally, but selling a house is rough (especially with the nature of the economy and us not being at a point where we were expecting to sell).

I could probably spare the $10 for a small or medium pizza, but I'm *really* trying to save every penny to help with all the costs.  Plus, right now, a lot of things just feel like it sucks.  A little more right now since I'm in this house by myself.

If anyone thinks I'm a troll/scammer, I'd be happy to give you the name of my primary reddit name in private and verify through there and/or through the verification system.

FYI, I'm in the U.S., if that matters to anyone.

Thanks, guys and gals.
[Request] Magnolia, Texas. Lost my job and hit by a car while on my motorcycle in the same day. 
So I had a phenomenal day on Friday, I have to tell you all about it. 

I went into work and was called into the office of the Manager who runs the whole establishment, mind you I've never even spoken to the man. He begins grilling me about some sensitive information I had leaked and wants to know how I found out. I have two choices, give him a name, or be fired.

What was the information? Well I asked the sous chef's mother how her daughter was doing after not getting the job. Apparently no one knew she hadn't gotten it yet somehow I did.

How did I find this information out? A random conversation with a co-worker about who the new chef is going to be.

Nothing fishy in the whole thing. I was going through my day-to-day work life without a care in the world and bam, I'm in my boss's, boss's, boss's office under the microscope being pushed for a name and I couldn't for the life of me remember who told me what seemed to be such trivial information. So just like that I got the hammer.

I somehow took the news alright. I mean, I was definitely plotting my revenge on "the man" and making plans to build my own corporation that would ravage their puny establishment until it begged to be put out of it's misery, but my head was up and my spirits were high.

I drove out of the parking lot and hit the job hunt immediately. Which lasted all of about 30 minutes when it ended abruptly and I found myself underneath a 2006 Dodge Charger. 

The driver, not wanting to waste the precious moments of their ever important life, decided to skip the traffic at a stop light by driving up the shoulder and wound up directly on top of me, totaling my bike.

So now we're at the present moment. I'm on my 5th day of leg elevated bed lock down, the bills are still coming in, and the hunger is rumbling. I heard about this subreddit and thought I'd give it a shot. Even if I there's no pizza to be had it was nice to tell the story. I hope you enjoyed it and thanks in advance for filling a crippled mans tummy! hahaha
[Request] Broke and Hungry. A pizza would be awsome!!  

[REQUEST] 3 year old daughter requests pizza
I've never done this before, sorry if I'm breaking some rules, though I'm pretty sure I got it all correct.

My 3 year old daughter never really asks for specific meals, so I was surprised that she asked for pizza this morning. I've already done our shopping, and I don't have the supplies to make any, and our food budget is depleted.  

Anyone out there feel like making a family's night? We're a family of four, though the little one is only 16 months old, so he doesn't eat THAT much :-)

Got a verification code if that is required. 

Thanks a ton for reading!

[Request] Such Pizza (CA)
[doge wood](http://i.imgur.com/lLlmuxh.gif)                       

                                                                     Hungy Doge
    yes
                               open muth doge

                 Wow                        CA doge wow                        Ataack

                               Such Piza        wow
    
    Wow             Doge need                             Pi life

                                          hit me in fac        
[such ouch](http://i.imgur.com/Ynu7Juy.jpg)

                    tast doge           wow
[dunt eat me wow](http://i.imgur.com/34eSMLa.jpg)
[Request]NC, Four days out from surgery, would love not to have to leave the house.
Let's be honest, who wants to leave the house with an ace bandage around their head and stitches that look like spiders on their face? 

I had surgery on my neck Tuesday, and my neck and face are covered in bruises. I've managed to stay inside for since then, and hope a few more days will help with the situation. 

I don't mind sending a verification pic of the bruising to any of you kind folks, and hope to return the kindness of yummies sometime soon.

Thank you for taking  the time to look, either way!

[Request] Lost my job, no family left.
I have been eating ramen for a week, lost my job 3 weeks ago. Company I was at withheld my check, I had to borrow money from my roommates just to buy ramen. Would be more than happy to return the favor next week when my old job actually gives me my check. (Also, general location is Madison, Wisconsin)
(Request) Honeymoon and our hotel made an error leaving us without dinner.
We are on our honeymoon in Virginia Beach and unfortunately the quality inn we stayed at our first few nights managed to double bill us leaving us broke until tomorrow.  We would love a pizza or really anything we aren't picky.  i will reciprocate once my funds go in if you'd like or simply pay it forward.
[request] East Lansing, MI - Two broke brothers wishing to feast on some tasty pizza tonight.
We're really hungry. Both of us are in college, and had a few bills to pay that are preventing us from eating anything other than cheezits and goldfish. I like both of those things, but I don't really feel like making a meal out of them. It makes me cringe thinking about it actually. 

Anyway, we're trying to watch the new Game of Thrones tonight and we both agree a pizza is in order. 

Hope you can help us out!

EDIT: I don't know if any of you have seen this video, but it pretty much sums up our desires. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wusGIl3v044



[Request] Can someone offer a pizza to a guy who lives at Turkey?
if you can i will really appreciate it. i have looked and saw that only Pizza Hut has a way to buy pizza with online payment. if you can buy me a Vegetarian Pizza i will be happy. 

Thanks.
[Request][US/Iowa]I just want a pizza because pizza is yummy
the aroma fills the air

as i wait patiently to eat

pepperoni, cheese, and sausage

all are such a delicious treat


(REQUEST) Family in Ms could use a little lift
EDIT: I have been offered pizza for my family, THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!

I'm really not sure how to do this, I've been lurking for awhile and signed up last night and my email is verified.

My husband started a new job at the beginning of last month, they pretty much promised the "world" to get him in the door. This hasn't happened, instead it's brought us further to the bottom. We made a whole $500 last month and it's not better this month either. He's talking about getting a lawyer because, he hasn't been paid for everything he's done and paid way less than promised. No, we didn't get anything in writing and that is one piece of evidence we don't have for a lawyer.

I applied for foodstamps on the 23rd of last month. They said they would be expedited but, then said (today on the phone) that since we did have that money last month then they have until after the 20th of this month to finish my case. They said they are unsure of the info on the wage form from his employer. Well, I haven't seen it since they faxed it to eachother and my worker is out until Monday. I spoke to a supervisor and didn't really get any words in.

Anyways, our bills are not all paid so the $212 (Yes, that was his pay deposited in the bank!) today had to go towards the bills. My husband is a truck driver and I'm applying for financial aid to go back to college.

We are a family of 4 and would love to request pizza for tonight. Yes, I know that I am new. I cannot offer contribution of funds, gift cards or whatever but, I can offer things locally and posted an offer of a full garbage bag of clothing/shoes for a little girl in the assistance section. We are behind on our internet/phone so it will be shut off soon, that is why we still have internet access or else I'd have to use the library in town.

I'm unsure of how this works, please bare with me. We are rural, they don't deliver out here. There is a Pizza hut, Dominos and a Hunts brothers in a local country diner.

I want to make sure everyone knows that my kids will NOT starve tonight if they don't get pizza. We have a few odds and ends and I would never, ever let them starve. I'd find a way to get them food before letting that happen. I'll also be visiting the pantry for the 1st time on Tuesday.

I'm not sure what kind of proof I could give? His checks are direct deposited with no stubs mailed yet. Let me know what I need, I can try to figure out something to prove if requred.
[REQUEST] WA USA, would like a celebratory slice while working on finals.
Not unusual around here, I take it -- but I'm an unemployed and pretty damned broke college student, and I'd really, really like some pizza while working on my last final projects. Beans and rice just lack a certain something.
[REQUEST] Dallas TX: Super Stressful Day
Tomorrow I have a pretty stressful day ahead of me. I've got to do tons of calling and mailing and application filling out to do in order to drop one school and enroll in another. I'm pretty terrible at handling stress too so a pizza would be a perfect way to unwind after it all. Any from the big 3 would be fine, but Pizza Hut is my favorite!
[Request] Fitchburg, MA USA Just want to celebrate with my family!
So my SO and I just had a baby 3 months ago, and have gone through so much in between... Just got a new job and just want some time to celebrate with him and my son... Love to see how generous redditors are, and hope I can return the same kindness :)
(Request) Blew through my paycheck on bills, could use a pizza for the night. Will pay it forward with next paycheck (Pittsburgh)

[REQUEST] Plano, TX Hungry..
Nothing to cry over just really craving that pizza right now...
[REQUEST] Broke, recently unemployed college student. Test tomorrow. Very hungry. Will reimburse.
LOCATION: Seattle  (Shoreline)  ((There's a pizza hut very close by))

I started going to school to get my life back on track, but unfortunately my alarm didn't go off a couple times and I lost my job.

Used up my food stamp card and it doesn't refill until the 5th of August.

Only got a couple packets of ramen left.  Normally ramen is fine, but whenever I eat them only I only seem to have a bare minimum of energy, and I have a test tomorrow... I really can't fail this class.

I've ordered pizzas for people and bought people games on Steam before, but no one's ever given me hand.

Got a job interview soon, and every time I get an interview I get the job, so money flow will happen soon and I will pay you back.

[Request] San Marcos TX Girlfriend and I just got our first place and would like to honor the pizza gods ;)
We just got our first place and are a wee bit low on funds and would love to get some pizza tonight :) 
[Request] Broke until payday, help a brotha out? Ohio
It would be much appreciated.
[Request] Need a little help this week
i think we all know why we are here, and mabey this is the first step to admitting how depressed i am, but ive run out of food and could use a bite to eat to make it through the week &lt;3. Im in Manchester NH. Not goin anywhere so feel free AMA heh.
[Request] 3 college students with empty cupboards
We have a 1/4 of a box of rice to our names and are done our exams tomorrow night! Help us get through!
[Request] Queens NY post Hurricane Sandy.  I am staying with my girlfriend and her family.
Some background information.  I just graduated college in June 2012.  I just accepted a job offer for an awesome position but the job has not started yet and I have been living a very limited budget for some time now.  I can offer a picture of us in return and also I also enjoy a healthy conversation with new people.  Went to college in NYC, will be working in Mortgage backed securities and modeling prepayment.
[Request] Guys, I'm broke right now and just want to watch netflix with some pizza.
Hi guys, I'm new to RAOP. I'm just hungry and don't get paid until thursday. If someone hooked it up, I'd be more than happy to pay you back next weekend with some pizza!!
[Request] I'm a week away from payday and would love something other than rice and beans. Will return the favor, plus extra after Wednesday!
I get paid once a month and I've just had a lot of unexpected surprises come forward. I'm in Austin, TX and just looking for something tonight. As stated, in exchange I will buy a pizza + extra appetizers or what have you next week as a token of thanks. I'd greatly appreciate it. I even tried rounding up pesos for pizza patron but mine are all Chilean :(

I'll answer any other questions or offer proof if you need. 

[Request] Check has not cleared yet. North hollywood 
Was planning to go grocery shopping today but my check wont clear. Spent my last cash on breakfast. Pizza will be rewarded with karma. 
[Request] Destitute American Redditor in the Philippines
Hi, first timer here! I'm down to my last $10, waiting for some good news later next week. My job, home and girlfriend all fell away in the past couple of months, and I have little else left. I could really use some help; a pizza would give me 2 days of good eating, maybe even enough for the whole weekend. I'm in Manila, Philippines. Pizza can be ordered online from yellowcabpizza.com.

Sincere thanks!
[Request] Bronx, New York decided to quit heroin yesterday, I think tonight i'll be able to eat again (with a little help!)
So i've been descending the winding staircase of heroin addiction over the past couple months, but i've finally taken steps to save myself from myself. I deleted my dealers numbers and got a withdrawal survival kit going (water, toilet paper, and some bud) but between that and my debts from using I'm flat broke. It didn't matter yesterday since between the puking and shitting i didnt exactly have time to eat, but now I feel like I can finally stomach something. I'm suffering through a day at work right now but I get home around 7, and there's a dominoes down the road...im through getting high with a lil help from my friends, but can anyone help me get by? i sincerely thank anyone who even considers helping me out, you (hopefully) have no idea how alone i feel dealing with this self inflicted hell 

edit: one more thing, on the off chance anyone end up wanting to help either tonight or tomorrow afternoon, my doorbell doesnt work so if possible tell the delivery dude to give a quick shout at the 2nd floor front window, trust me ill be lying right there in bed the whole time. or, if its easier, i can pm my philanthropist hero my cell number so the delivery guy/gal can just call me
[Request] Mid, MI - From my 6 year old daughter and I. It's a cold and rainy week. Would like to have a pizza party. We can try to repay with artwork, pictures of our cat, and/or good deeds.
School is back up. Just getting over being sick, with whatever public school kids are brewing this year. Going to be a rainy week. Finally getting my daughter back again for a little bit after a long week at her moms. Already have some movies picked out. Was thinking of throwing a little pizza party for her. We can try to repay with artwork, pictures of our cat -- (he is stunning), and/or good deeds.


Daughter has been getting on here now that she reads pretty well, and was going to post from her account but it's less than a month and was too new. Even though she mostly just likes to get on here and upvote pictures from /r/owls. She's loving karma, but... Getting pizza'd on here would totally blow her mind. Personally, I could use seeing something nice from the world. Anyway, many thanks to any kind strangers that might come our way.
[REQUEST] Denver, CO USA
I have never done this before and it sounds cool. I would like to send someone a gift from my house. A personal object of mine that I choose based on information you provide ( such as your interests ).
[Request] I'm tired of rice and ramen and a little pizza would really brighten my mood. (St. Petersburg, FL)
I'm a student who lives off a mix of my student loans and funds from my summer job. I got laid off 3 weeks ago and since it's summer, I have no school money coming in and am trying to stretch what little money I have left. This means a steady diet of rice, beans and ramen and I'm dieing for some variety. I can send some proof in a PM if requested. 
[request] Its been one hell of a month
At the start of the month my car broke down. I came back two days later and it was stolen. Cant afford a new one but saving my butt off. Work doesnt pay nearly enough and i have only a couple of pennies to my name till friday but im happy i have a job. Just got off work and only ate a pb j sandwich for lunch and im starving, but sick of living off ramen and pb j for a week. Any offer would be greatly appreciated.
[Request] Saint Petersburg, FL: New in Town and Jobless
Howdy r/RAOP! Just recently moved down to Saint Petersburg here in Florida; job hunting has been pretty rough, and I can think of nothing else but a pizza to really cheer me up and do the trick :)  I promise with my first paycheck to pass the favor on!
[REQUEST] Baton Rouge, LA. Single dad with 2 jobs and no money till Friday!
Had a roommate randomly leave after loosing his job last week, leaving me to fend for myself. I'm doing ok, but have run short on money because of this!

Hoping RAOP can help us out for tonight!

I'll send a lovely pic of me and her for the pizza!
[Request] Girlfriend and I have been struggling recently since I've lost my job and would love to have some good food. Also she doesn't really believe in the generosity of internet strangers but I DO and would like to prove her wrong.

{Request} Denver, CO. Single father trying to make it through the day
Hey redditors,

I'll be upfront, this is a throwaway account.  I've got a little too much pride still to let people really know how bad of a situation I'm in.

To be blunt, my life sucks right now.  My wife left me about a year ago, the woman I've been seeing is now with one of my closest friends, I just lost my job 4 months ago, and the temp work just isn't out there.

The high point of my life right now is my little boy.  He's the best thing to come out of my marriage, I would do anything in the world for him.

This is why I'm coming to you Reddit.  My wife is bringing him back tomorrow, and I would love to be able to surprise him with some pizza.  The sad fact is though, I can't afford it.  Which is why I'm coming to you guys.  

I've seen some amazing generosity on here in the past few days, and was wondering if I would be lucky enough to get some too.


[Request]Hungry for the past 3 days, with no food in site, please read
I saw Random Acts Of Pizza on ABC news, and I have been lurking all day reading about all of the wonderful things this reddit has done. I just signed up today to be apart of this, and sad to say the first thing i will be doing is requesting. I haven't ate anything but a bagel in the last 3 days, and my paycheck comes in on friday, I am so hungry so if anyone would please help me out i will be sure to buy a pizza for someone in need when my check comes in

thank you reddit for listening
(Request) Just paid  My Outragous Teco bill, now Im to broke for dinner (FL)
I Just paid my unexceptedly High Teco bill that turned our grocery budge into a kool-aid and raman noodles budget. Pizza for me and my son would be greatly appreciated 
[REQUEST] Car broke down and spent food money on repairs. Getting paid tomorrow, and willing to return favor.
Nothing super depressing, just poor timing. My car broke down two days ago, and I had to use my grocery money to fix it. I've been living on the pasta I had left, but I cooked the last of it earlier for lunch. I get paid tomorrow and would be more than willing to send pizza back to someone in thanks, but it might be nice to have a bit of dinner tonight if possible. I have a verification code ready and waiting as well, if that helps.
If someone should be so generous, I don't need anything fancy. It's just me here. A one topping large from Pizza Hut (are they still doing the large one toppings for 10 bucks?) would be perfect since PH is pretty close.
[Request] Pizza for dinner tonight?
Me and the fam damily would love some pizza for supper tonight, so I figured hell, let's give it a go :-)
[Request] Lake Mary is cold right now, feels kinda like home. Pizza would be awesome.
Been in kind of a slump lately, really missing home (Maryland). Florida is particularly chilly tonight, and is really driving the homesickness further. Pizza would be great. I didn't just finish my finals, or break up with my girlfriend. I have some food in the fridge.. Pizza would just be really nice right now. But of course, there are plenty of hungry Redditors out there. Take care of those guys, and let me know if there's any pizza love left.

Thanks for being Reddit 
[Request] I am Muslim, so I am currently fasting. We get to break our fast in one hour at sundown (Cooper City, FL). I am starving, so a cheese pizza from Papa John's, Pizza Hut, or Dominos will be appreciated.

[Request] UK-South West, Just another poor student.
Hey all, I love the stories I read on this subreddit of all you generous people, so here I am throwing myself upon your generosity.

My bank balance is looking decidedly negative, after shelling out money this last week for both my sisters upcoming birthday and mother's day.

About the only food I have at the moment is pasta, which I can eat if necessary, but I really fancy some pizza.

I have both a Dominos and Pizza hut nearby.

Thank you for reading and may your day's be ever full of pizza.
[Request] Brooklyn, NY needs pizza on a horrifically hot day!!!
Don't forget to request that the pizza place draw a unicorn on the box...
[Request] College student in Cleveland, out of money.
I was really hoping to not have to do this... but I lost the work study job I've had for a year just a week after coming back to school about a month ago, and haven't found one to replace it yet. So I have no money, and on top of that, used my last meal swipe for the week last night at the cafeteria. I don't get to use next week's swipes until Monday, and I currently don't have any other source for food. A gift card for just one pizza would get me through the rest of the weekend, and once I find another job, I'll pay it forward to someone else in need. Really appreciate any help. Thank you!
[request] just hungry, new baby
hello:) I never knew about this place! you guys seem awesome. Well I just had a baby almost 2 months ago. Also my car just broke down. We don't really ever leave the house, and she has been not feeling well the past few days. So I'm kind of insane from no sleep/ constant crying. ~[`_°]~ ... I'm not starving, we have some plain rice and spinach, but a pizza souneded amazing and money is very tight until I start work again. Even if no one responds, thanks for being here and helping the people that really need it!!
[Request] Car broke, no food at house and starving in Arizona!
Hey guys so my Jetta's engine light came on today and I can't get my car into the shop until tomorrow. My roomie and I meant to go grocery shopping today, but now that I'm carless we don't have a way to get there :( If anyone has a a coupon to a dominoes or any other pizza place we would really appreciate it if someone sent a pizza our way! I would normally just buy the pizza, but I'm going to need all the money I can get to fix this bitch. I feel bad if someone has to buy a pizza, so if someone has a free pizza coupon please send a PM my way and we will forever be in debt to you :)

TL;DR: Two college students in Arizona are starving and without a car. Looking for a free pizza coupon if they exist!

P.S. I can post a picture of my cars engine light at request.
[Request] I spent a ton on birthday gifts last night, got laid off today. Pizza.. Please.
I've been working at an Italian joint in North/ Western Michigan over the summer.. They sell pizza but I never ate there due to unsanitary and poor working conditions. Today I went in for my shift and I'd been completely taken off the schedule, without any warning. What a bummer! And last night I spent a few hundred dollars on my boyfriend's birthday presents.
 I'm working on a scrapbook for him now, while singing Gimme pizza.. Slow.
"Uh, did I happen to say, I want pizza?"
Thanks for reading.
[Request] Just found out that I'm receiving 0 financial aid from my university and I just paid rent leaving no money. Would love some pizza to cope.
After a lengthy conversation with my financial aid office, I have found out I will be receiving little to no benefit whatsoever from my school that aren't loans (this is actually a pretty big deal for me, personally) and for the summer I have no access to loans so I'm without any money after rent goes through. Some pizza would be **damn** good right about now. I'm in Irvine, CA if someone would be so kind :)
[Request] Stoned and Broke until getting paid tomorrow
I work as a valet and normally get the majority of my money in cash tips.  Just moved to a new state and they don't have my bank and so I haven't been able to deposit my pay checks until tomorrow when I work again and get tip money for food.  If you feed me I will dedicate the rest of my afternoon to something productive, also known as rereading Mario Puzo's classic 1969 American Crime Masterpiece, The Godfather.
(request) depressed mom could use a pizza.
boyfriend left my son and me and took all our money and the car. pizza sounds good. can how proof if needed buddykeiko@hotmail.com is my e-mail
[Request] emotionally blackmailed by "trusted friends" and it hurts. I could really use some comfort food.. my wallet and my stomach are empty, and i'm in California.
I'll spare the juicy personal details, but I lost a group of friends and a boyfriend because someone thought it would be fun to tell them all horrible, ridiculous lies about me. I really liked all of them, and took a huge risk trusting these people because I thought they were Good People. (I'm a child abuse survivor, so I have a real hard time opening up.) I also put in a lot of energy (made gifts, gave encouragement, helped calm down anxiety attacks...)

The good news is, if they're that quick to turn on me based on someone's false information, I don't want them in my life anyway. They never asked me if it was true, just took it as fact. That's not a "friend" in my book.

The bad news is, it obviously hurts really, really bad. I'm doing the best I can to not fall apart. It's really hard to stop thinking about everything that happened. I feel like I stepped on a landmine, everything blew up in my face. I really want to watch a movie and eat some pizza and forget about all this drama for a bit. (I'm broke, so anything not eaten tonight will help sustain me until payday!) 

A gesture of kindness in the form of a pizza or even an inspiring message would mean SO much to me right now.

On a side note, pizza or no pizza, this subreddit is a great reminder that there are still kind people in the world.
[Request] NYC, No sob story here just hungry.
I'm not poor or in dire need, but I would  love to calm my stomach down. 


[REQUEST] Bedfordshire, UK without any food in the house until tomorrow
As the title suggests, I've got nothing in my home until tomorrow. My parents are out (small holiday like thing) and unfortunately my brother devoured all of the food in my house. This is a quick throwaway to avoid my friends whom all seem to stalk my history on Reddit. I'll be more than willing to provide my actual Reddit account in PM.


Appreciate you taking the time to read this
[REQUEST]Living Alone and in Abject Poverty
I'm sitting at home contemplating eating a tunafish and ketchup sandwich because that's all I have left in my pantry.  I work at a restaurant where I make 9.75 an hour but I'm currently barely paying for my rent (which includes my gas and water bills). I just paid rent on the 7th after having scrapped together the tips I make off the grill I work to pay for rent.  I've got a total of 2.71 in my bank account and I don't get paid until next Tuesday.  I've got the next 2 days off and while I will be able to buy some food Saturday with my grill tips I only usually make about $15 bucks after a 6 hour shift.  

If anyone would be kind of enough to fulfill my offer I will be back next Tuesday to return the favor to some lucky human or humans. If I don't return the favor by Tuesday.  I will post a picture of my shame to /r/pics explaining my unconscionable behavior.
[Request] Girlfriend and roommate are out of town for the weekend. Feeling a bit lonely in the ol' US of A.
Alternatively, will write limerick for pizza.

I appreciate it.
[Request] Could use a pizza tonight Austin,TX
I don't get paid until next week, and there's nothing but cereal and eggs left in the house. Not really in the mood for either of those for dinner, so a pizza would really be appreciated, thanks!
[Request] Juneau, Alaska My boy turned 6 a couple days ago and would like some pizza! But I'm out of money.
He turned 6 last saturday and wanted pizza for his birthday but we don't have the money to get him any. I had an interview earlier today also, and the guy made it sound like I had the job. So it'd be nice to celebrate these things with some pizza!

We have a domino's here.
[REQUEST] London, UK
Having one of those days where everything is getting on top me, left my counselling session feeling rather blue, no moneys and none of my freinds are around to cheer me up in the flesh. :(
[request] posted this in /r/foodpantry and was suggested I also post here. 
I don't even know where to begin, I am soo hungry and depressed can't even get out of bed, was supposed to start a new job over a month ago for a start up but once again date got moved. Reddit please help me? All I ask for is enough so I can go get something to eat for a day or two.
(just cause I am sure I will be called out for it, yes this is a throw away I am very private about my life but if an absolute must I will PM some one my actual user name)
oh yea location, is IL
[Request] Unemployed over 36 months ~ had recent string of no go interviews ~ Mojave,Ca
Just this Monday (11/5/12), in fact had an interview with McDee that went no where and on Tuesday (11/6/12), gonna be going to Stater Brothers for their open interviews, I'm getting in a terrible head space about this. 

I'd love some pizza to cheer me on or just maybe celebrate a new job at stater brothers.
(Request) Athens, GA - College student in a bind - will pay forward
EDIT: CayucosKid was kind enough to buy me a couple pizzas, they just showed up and not only taste amazing, but will feed me for the rest of the weekend. Thank you so much.

So, my roommate had told me about this Reddit, and I had planned to keep it in mind to give other people pizza every once in a while. I wasn't planning on using this for me...but I'm in a really tough situation right now. 
A little background: I had to take a hardship withdrawal last spring and drop out of college when I lost my dining hall job. I managed to get a new job at a call center in town that is "always hiring" and that's been pretty decent, but not quite enough to pay the bills and pay for food. I've been surviving off the kindness of my landlord/roommates, (I do dishes I don't have to pay for food) but that can only go so far. I'm attempting to go back to school so I don't have to pay my student loans back, especially since the call volume is dropping at the center and I haven't been getting the best hours. 
According to the government I make too much money to qualify for food stamps, and my dad makes too much money for me to qualify for Pell Grant. My car has been spazzing out and I think it's probably on it's last legs, and today I didn't even make conversion at work for the month, so I don't get any bonuses.
Overall everything's just been a bit rough, I definitely plan on paying it forward as soon as I get everything together. One of my landlords wants me to dogsit for a couple weeks or so next month, and I'll be able to cover everything then.
It's just been a really rough day and I could use a meal that I didn't have to cook myself today.
[REQUEST] Hungry and tired of ramen noodles in PA!!!
Hello everyone. I don't get paid until Friday and I would love to be able to get some pizza tonight for dinner instead of eating ramen noodles one more night. If anyone could help us out that would be so awesome. It is me, boyfriend, and my two boys. I hope everyone has a great day:) Also I have recieved on this site before. 
[REQUEST] Atlanta, GA USA depressed, bipolar, hungry, unemployed veteran looking for a pizza pick me up
Im sorry for having to ask. I know thats the whole point but I always feel bad for asking for help. I am a 22yo veteran of the Army Reserve who is currently being medically discharged for Bipolar Affective Disorder type 2(severe depression, dysphoric hypomania). I have tried to work but I have chest pains and anxiety attacks from ptsd. I try my hardest to hold out but i cant work if Im curled up in the bathroom praying for death. Im just trying to explain why Im so broke. I cant get any VA benefits until my claim is processed(months from now) so I have to pay for my meds out of pocket. I make 20$ a week taking an experimental sleep medication in a clinical trial but most of that goes to bus fare, meds(Ive got a few rx's), and stretching out food. I applied for food stamps but my card was delayed(stolen out of mailbox) and now I wont see it until a couple weeks. Im living with my roommate who has been kind enough to only ask me for 50 a month in rent, but that leaves little room for pizza! I honestly havent had a pizza this year. Its one of the few things that makes me feel better, like theres something to live for and look forward to again. maybe Im not the most deserving, but it would really help me out. Thanks for reading this.
[Request] I know it's a long shot but I'm so hungry. &gt;_&lt;
Hey all, 

I come on here not really expecting anything but thought it might be worth a shot. I am currently so broke that there is no food in my house and I am at work for nine hours today with no food. I would kill for a pizza. If you want to help me out, let me know. :) 
[Request] Wallet was stolen, lost EVERYTHING
My wallet was stolen this morning, it had my passport card, debit card, school ID, a couple of prescriptions, and all of my money. My checking account has $5 in it, so I really mean *all* of my money.

I'm really not in the mood to deal with this right now, and I don't know when my next paycheck's coming in the mail. (Should have been mailed on Thursday, but my employer's payroll office is notoriously unreliable)

I'm a college student living near Albany, NY, and would love any kind of assistance.
[Request] Panama City, FL USA Family of 5
Panama City, FL: We are very low food at the moment I have 1 pack of pork chops left till we get out food stamps on the 5th. I was hoping to find a pizza hero for today, the kids are tired of oddles and noodles. We have Dominoes, Pizza Hut, Hungry Howies, all that deliver here. (I dont have a working car). Two large pies will serve lunch and dinner for us. Please consider our family, thank you. Stay blessed.
[REQUES] Down and out in need of pizza
Got roughly $6,000 on 4 cards over the years from touring in various bands, school, medical stuff, and luxury purchases. Currently living in my friends living room and I have 81 cents in my bank account. I've been applying for work like crazy but nothing has come up for me yet. Looking for a repreave from the now nightly Top Ramen dinner.
[Request][Northern NYS]
I was wondering if someone could possibly help me and my family for dinner tonight. Its me and my girlfriend and our two boys. Things have gotten really tough. My girlfriend lost her job due to her getting sick and they wouldn't work with her with flma. She is waiting on a settlement with unemployment. I cant work right now, and i'm waiting on a disability hearing. Food is very limited and we don't get food stamps for a few weeks. It would bring our spirits up some, and i know the boys would like it. I could pick up, so delivery isn't needed. I can pay it forward with no issues as soon as she gets her settlement on her card. I would really really appreciate this...thanks so much for reading!
[request, Portland Oregon] Feed us some tasty pizza please!! :)
Good evening folks! We sure would love some pizza right about now, but we're too poor to feed our dog anything but carrots, let alone spare some change for a tasty slice of some pizza pie! How 'bout it? There's 3 of us and we like pineapple
(Request) if you can give a pizza please read
I've been living off peanut butter for almost a week now. Times are very tough and I'm just hoping someone has some money to spare for a pizza. I just found this site and I love the idea of people helping people. If you have and can help out, please do.
[REQUEST] Sydney Australia - Having a really shitty week, and literally no money.
Being forced to quit my job (long story), have a holiday coming up that is paid for (luckily) but leaves me literally penniless until I can find something else to do for work, not to mention christmas presents for the people I love. I'm sitting at work today, by myself, coming to terms with the fact that these are my last few days until unemployment happens.

A cheese and pineapple would literally make the rest of my year. I'll reward you with love in any form I can.
[Request] Flooded out in Wash, DC, could use some pizza
Recently my basement apartment was completely flooded. It took all my sheets and towels to dry the place out. So I spent the day and, what to me, is a fortune at the coin laundry. So there was no money for groceries. Today I finished off the last food, and my monthly stipend does not arrive until the day after tomorrow. I could really use a pizza.
[Request] Columbia, SC
I am the mom of 4 children and the wife of a wonderful husband.  Some background info: my husband was in an auto accident on 8/14 and when he was finally able to return to work 9/7, he was told there is not enough work for him and that he should look for a new job.  THIS after he was working 55-60 hours a week before the accident (he was a passenger).  We went through our savings during his time out and have overdrawn our Netspend account over $90.  Our family has been living off of boxed mashed potatoes and the cheap boxed mac and cheese.  I have used the food bank already this month and I am waiting on DSS to approve my food stamp app.  I am trying to do everything right.
It is 4:55 and every kid (ages 15, 13, 13 and 7) has all been asking about dinner.  They know their dad lost his job but they don't know about our financial situation of not only being broke but being negative in the bank.  
I am not worried about myself or my husband eating.  I would just really like for my children to have a filling dinner.  We have no bread, no milk, no meat.  Just one cheese and one pepperoni pizza would mean more to my family than I can express.  I know we will be back on our feet within a month.  I have faith in that.  I am a strong believer in paying it forward.  Any info or verification you need, please don't hesitate to ask.  I do have a verification code if someone is willing to help.
Thank you for taking the time to read and consider my request.  This is very humbling but I want to put my pride away in hopes of my family having a filling meal tonight.
[Request] Beer Craft Pizza
We have an abundance of beer and we have starcraft but we dont have pizza so if we continue to drink at this rate we will surely pass out and stop playing starcraft, if we get pizza we will be able to continue playing starcraft :) 
[Request] Over in washington just rode 12 miles on my bike. LOVE PIZZA!

[Request] NC - My 8 month job search is finally over and I'd love some pizza to celebrate
After getting what had to be hundreds of "We're sorry" letters (and that's only the places that bothered to reply) I've finally run the gamut of interviews and got an offer!  I've been stretching my pennies quite far throughout this process, but the job is in another part of the country and I need to make sure I have enough scratch to make the trip.  

I'd love to be able to celebrate a bit and have some tasty pizza, and I look forward to being able to pay it forward before the end of the month. (I start the 22nd)

I have the big three close to me, and anything would make me so grateful!  Thanks for reading, and good luck to other job-seekers out there - it can seem like it's futile, but just keep at it!
[REQUEST] All my money went to rent this month. Pizza would be awesome!
I've never done this, but I lost my job around February, right when I had to move to a more expensive place to live. I had to spend all of the money I had left on rent and I have been living on beans and rice for the last week and a pizza sounds really awesome!
I'm getting ready for finals and almost moving home to a job. I will repay my pizza as soon as I get more money!
[Request] Oak Brook, IL In need of some assistance 
Hey Guys,

I'm not one to ask for charity. I'm just in a little bit of a pinch. I just recently started a new career and as such I've now been about 3 weeks without a paycheck. With paying my rent and all my bills, I'm now down to about $8 to live off of until my first paycheck comes on friday. As soon as I'm in a better way, I want to pay it forward. So if anyone could be of help, would be incredibly grateful. Thank you!)
[REQUEST] After a long day of moving
Dammit, I forgot the location. I'm sorry! Location is **St. John's, NL, Canada**

Today, I moved. I spent the past 2 hours throwing boxes and a bed onto a truck, dragging that across the city, and then hurling it into a new bedroom. It has been 27 degrees here in St. John's (80F) and the humidity isn't exactly being kind either. I've already taken a shower. I feel like a new one.

I could make food, I'm not going to lie. I've got boneless/skinless chicken breasts downstairs, I've got pasta and sauces, I've got marshmallows. However, I'd really just like to kick up on Canada Day, relax, and munch on some pizza. Can provide any proof you'd like.
[Request] Florida, UCF area, Payed rent and need food for thought!
I get payed again in a little over a week, however I'm playing the ever so dangerous college game of gasorfood. Will return the favor to one lucky redditor when I get payed. We used to do this for guildies in some video games back in the day, I think its rad that something like this exists outside of that world.
[Request] I'm alone, with a sad puppy, in the rain
My husband is at work for the next 4 hours, using our only car for the rest of the night. It's raining, I'm cold, and my puppy and I are hungry. 

Won't anyone take pity on me and our sob story??
[Request] Anyone willing to do a trade?
I have a starbucks gift card for $15 that I can send to someone via an e-gift through email on the starbucks website in exchange for you buying me a pizza.
[Request] Faversham, UK. Hungover. I smell of tequila and shame. Replace with pizza?
No sob story. I'm just hungover as fuck and would seriously appreciate a delicious, cheesy pizza. Now I'm going to go cry in a corner and try to work out just how many vodka slushies and tequila shots I inflicted on myself last night.  Peace!
[Request] Me and my brother are playing video games all day can you spare a pizza so we can enjoy?  I can offer halo lessons

[Request] Snowed in by a Canadian winter storm.
All I have is canned soup and ichiban noodles in the house. about 1 foot of snow fell on Southern Alberta over night, drifting to 3 feet, and I have yet to dig out my car or clear the driveway to go get groceries.
[Request] Girlfriend has been sick and unable to go to work. Thinking a Pizza fix would cheer her up!
so my girlfriend is a waitress and has been sick for the last couple days, we rely on her tips for food and what not. She is feeling better today but is moping around the house because she is worried about well EVERYTHING. I think a pizza fix would cheer her up. what do you think?
[REQUEST] Im so lucky to be alive, nearly became one with my SUV.
i was driving on the highway when the driver behind me lost control of his f150, as i was slowing down to get off the exit, all i hear is a lound shriek, and everything turned black. i woke up, looked around and was just amazed at how i was still alive. anyway i dont have a car anymore, lucky to be alive. THe other driver was ok too. Anyway i would appreciate anyone from the reddit community who would like to help cheer me up with a slice...or two.

PIC: http://imgur.com/NN4BR
[Request] Need food for starving students!
We've just moved into our new house for our second year of uni and we have NO money until our loan comes through in October! Please help us all we have in the house is bread!
[Request] Pickpocketed on Subway, Spent my Last $10 on Cat Food
Yesterday I was pickpocketed while taking the subway to my job. I don't have any idea how this happened as I tend to watch out for stuff like this, but I am now without any cash and I don't use a banking service. I don't get paid for another week and a half, and I decided to use the $10 I had on my dresser at home to feed my cat for a week hoping I would find a way to get some food money soon.

[Baron](http://imgur.com/jc54P)
[request] Anyone in the UK get me a pizza just moved into a new flat with no food or internet
my necessary things like internet and good food are all gone all i have in the fridge is a single yogurt and some sauces, would help alot if anyone can grace me with a pizza.

I'm from Bath UK
[Request] Car issues, Freezing Cold and a Empty wallet. 
Hello!!! 

I've heard great things about this subreddit and was hoping someone would help me out. 

Had my hours cut at work, got paid last week only to spend it all by sunday catching up on bills.  Had to pay for car insurance or else my license would have been suspended ( almost reached day 30)  because I wasn't made aware I lost my insurance ( parents always took care of it). And Now the car's engine won't even kick over. 

Stomach is growling and I have nothing but dry cereal ( which is something some people can't say I know. )  So I'm hoping one of you kind people will help me fill my belly. 

I promise to pay it forward x2 this pay check (1st of February) and will make sure my benefactor receives confirmation if desired. 

Please and Thank you you magnificent internet type people. 

~TD 

Edit- An Empty Wallet :( 
[Request], I will draw anything you request for a 
pizza. I live in Porto, Portugal. 
I'm not sure how it's possible, because the two main pizzachains here, Pizzahut.pt and Telepizza.pt both have pages in Portuguese only. 

But, i've been on a diet for the last 2 months, and I've lost over 20 pounds in the meantime. I havn't had one cheating day, and I feel i deserve to "celebrate" with a pizza, something I havnt allowed myself in ages.  

Request something, however obscure and i'll draw it for you. I'm best at people in various situations. Then, hopefully you'll like it and fulfil my request :) 
Request Pizza For Mercedes!
So, I am 20 years old and for the past two months due to a fight with me and mom, (she didn't wanna fill out my fasfa form so i can get a grant for college), I have been homeless. I don't drive, and I didn't have a job for a while I just recently started working part time at a buffet I don't get paid for another two weeks. I make it day by day with help from my friends, I don't know where I am going to sleep every night, or how I am going to eat. And most of the time I will go without food, But a friend of mine told me about random acts of pizza and how they help people in situations like mine. So, it would help me a lot if someone can help me eat for the week. I don't like asking for things, and I feel dumb because I am asking for food. But its to the point where I don't have very many options. Thanks, &lt;3 Mercedes.
[REQUEST] Coming home to Georgia today, have a 13 hour drive ahead of me. Maybe a pizza pie for me and my family to enjoy when I get home?
Driving from Michigan to Georgia. Thank you so much if someone actually responds to this.
[REQUEST] Austin, TX 
This is actually my first time on Random Acts of Pizza.
Me and my girlfriend have been in our first tight spot in a long time, I don't get paid for 3 more days, financial aid from ACC has yet to come in, and we are down to 15 dollars, 1/8th tank of gas.
We have been living off pbnj and ramen.
A friend recommended me to this website when she heard how hungry I was at work &gt;.&lt;
I would be extremely appreciative, and would definitely like to help someone in return as well. We can take pictures of the pizza too
Tashia gets off school in about an hour, maybe she can have pizza instead of ramen
[Request] Storrs, CT : Out of fake college money, writing a horrible lab report.
Me and 2 of my classmates are stuck in the lounge in my building for hours doing our lab report for a materials processing lab. If anyone could help us out with a pizza, we would definitely return the favor!
{request} family of 3 in southern NM
Scumbag Jackson Hewitt was supposed to have our tax return back for us already but they don't. we are hungry and would enjoy some tasty pizza!
[Request] Writing my dissertation, would adore a pizza to keep me going!
I'm a 3rd year illustration student in Swansea, UK and my dissertation (final 8k word essay) is due in just over a week! Have been stressing a lot about it and really don't fancy cooking for my boyfriend and I tonight (we'd only be having tuna sprouty jacket potatoes anyway as its all we've got until march 12th payday!) He also had most of his tool kit stolen yesterday (he's a mechanic) and its really getting him down.

can provide proof of sprouting potato-ownership, proof of half empty tool box, screenshots of half finished dissertation, photos of stressed me/pile of books and screenshots of $20 bank balance!

will pass pizza-love on as soon as I am paid, because we all know pizza runs the universe.
[Request][Califorina] Wife and I hungry on our first anniversary!  Will pay it forward!
Today is my 1 year anniversary to my amazing wife. We live paycheck to paycheck and my paycheck didn't come so I can't even get her dinner. When my paycheck finally comes, I will do the right thing and fulfill 2 requests on this sub-reddit. Cheers to paying it forward!

[REQUEST] Just got to NYC and I found out my account is in the red
So I'm in NYC from Boston and I tried to use my card to buy a train ticket so I can get to my friends apt. He won't be home until tomorrow. My card was denied and when I checked my account it turns out I'm in the red because loans and bills came through. I get payed Wednesday(direct deposit) but I'm just looking for a meal to survive tonight and tomorrow. I haven't eaten since lunch yesterday please help!

And in case anyone is wondering Times Square is lovely right now. Still amazed that I'm here. It's my first time!
[Request] Tired of eating chocolate in the Bay Area. 
All I have to eat is this chocolate my mom left me, our fridge is empty except for a door full of condiments(including hot sauce which would go terrifically on a pizza). I don't have any excuses why I am deserving of this pizza, but I desire it with all of my being!  
(request) down to my last 2 eggs. need halp
im so sick of eating eggs all day. I wish i had some RAMEN to eat so i could combine if with my eggs. I'm completely broke and hungry. Starving college kid in need.
[Request] Rough week at school with my suite-mates
My suite-mates and I have all had terribly difficult weeks. We have all had programs, papers, and tests and I myself have two horrendous mathematics exams tomorrow. If anyone wanted to help out a few stressed out college students it would be very appreciated! I have been lurking and this subreddit seems to have a wonderful community!

Edit: Whoops, I need to proofread
[Request] Flatwoods, KY.  My family has been fighting the stomach flu and now recovering and HUNGRY!!!  Can someone send us some pizza to make us feel better?  (;  Thanks so much!!! 

[REQUEST]
I'm here in hopes of pizza!  I don't have many talents, but I can try to do handstands again!  Food is much appreciated!  
[Request] Got the snackies, help me out, friends?
Much appreciated. :)
[Request] Morgantown WV, I am a college student, living on $20-30 a week. I am really hungry, and would appreciate it greatly 
I am an education major at West Virginia University. I have very lean means, and frankly, I am starving and would love some pizza. I promise to somehow pay it forward, I just really am hungry right now. 
[REQUEST]Poor high schooler, pizza is half price because i work there! 
I'm just your avrage poor high schooler pulling an all night study sesh, will happily pay you back this friday when i get paid, the pizza's half priced too because i work there! Thank you so much for your time!
[Request] Two college roommates low on cash. Can you beer us a pizza?
After paying rent this month, we are both short on money and grocery funds have been cut dramatically. If we eat anymore ramen we might go insane. We would be greatly appreciative if anyone could help us out! Thanks!
(Request) Vancouver, BC, Canada. Hungry working man, just finished a long shift on my supposed day off, need pizza therapy.
Title says it all. Cupboard is low on food. I`m tired, wasn't supposed to work today but Chef decided to give his pet Czech the day off and called me into work in his place. My co-worker rambled about the joys of cold pizza for like an hour so its all I can think about but, I am broke for a week.
I will of course pay it forward once I have money. I used to send my GF pizzas while she was down in New Mexico at university, so this is just a broader spectrum of hungry hungry hippies to share with.
[Request] Out of work-could really use a pick-me-up tonight..
I've been out of work for a couple months now, dealing with my bi-polar disorder/depression. Reoccurring hospital visits caused me to give up my job and move back home and "start from scratch." I could use a lift. The money that I DID have saved has gone to help out around the house and i've not really been left with much else. I'm really not one to ask for handouts, but as far as food goes lately it's been slim pickens and a pizza sounds good :) Thanks for reading and if you can help, thanks, and if not, thats okay too.
[REQUEST] Red Deer Alberta, fridge is empty and I dont get paid until friday
Been unemployed for the last few months, but I got a new job a week and a half ago! Only problem is, my supply has run dry and I'm not getting paid until the 12th. 

I would be eternally grateful to anyone who can help me out
[REQUEST] Seattle, WA - Broke until Friday (rent...) pizza lunch instead of just diet pepsi would be awesome.
I work in Freemont, because of rent I am already broke even after I get paid on Friday.  Pizza would be amazing, you can only eat so much ramen you know.
[Request] Student in San Francisco studying for finals with nothing in the cupboard. Looking for some pizza! 
Would love some pizza to keep me going and to hold me over for the rest of the night. 
[request] homeless again, broke, at a friends house who just keeps eating in front of me. Help?
I'm kinda in a rough point. Got laid off and lost my place.. now I'm waiting for food stamps and my friend is kind enough to let me crash here but not eat and keeps eating in front of me too. If someone could please help me I'd really appreciate it.
I don't really like pizza, so sending me some would be a really dickish thing to do. [REQUEST?] London, UK
Or it could be an attempt at induction into the order of pizza I guess. 
[Request] Fitchburg MA, new mom to overwhelmed to keep up with meals
I'm completely in love with this subreddit, I think it is absolutely amazing that people are this nice to strangers! Had no idea reddit had such amazing people here! Any who, I'm a new mom, daddy works an hour away and long shifts. There is food in my house, I just can't find the time to make myself a decent meal while taking care of the baby. I do eat a ton of cereal lately haha, it's the easiest thing here.  Would love a pizza but I know there are a lot more people here that need it more than me. Regardless I still think what you guys do is great and would love to participate in the giving soon! 
[request] Columbia, SC is low on funds.. would love pizza!
I could really use a pizza right now.  It's my friend and I, and we have nothing to eat / no money.. and his car is in the shop.  So if one of you fine gentlemen , or fine ladies, could give us delicious, hot, circular-shaped heaven.. We would be most grateful.
[Request] Midland, TX No end in sight for expenses, a pie would be wonderful!
I just made my first down payment for college, I couldn't pass up a great deal on a laptop for classes, I have more down payments to make and a truck to fix in the coming weeks.  
When the dust settles and my account isn't being sucked dry, I will gladly pay it forward :)
[Request] In Baton Rouge, LA, about to join the navy, and don't get paid until next Friday.
Just found out about this subreddit, and I must say that this is a very honorable thing of redditors to do. Unfortunately for myself, I'm allergic to milk so a random act of pizza would do me no good. But if I were to make a request, a random act of wings would be interesting.
[Request] Kentucky USA -- Two college students house sitting, hungry and don't get paid until Christmas Eve 
Hi! My friend and I are crashing at our friend's place while she is on her honeymoon. We don't get paid until Christmas Eve (can prove if nec.) and are hungry. We don't have a car to drive anywhere to pick up. Would really appreciate some pizza :) Thanks a lot in advance. 
[Request] Quit smoking today...
So I quit smoking cigarettes today. Been doing fine but I'm really getting hungry and I'm a bit short on funds at the moment so thought I'd give this subreddit a try.
[Request] Moved to Houston in a RV were are living here, no jobs so no income, pizza would be nice for the family
My family and I moved to Houston in our RV. Its me my wife, son and daughter, and my sons fiance. We are looking for jobs but wating on calls. Until we find jobs we have no income except for our food stams which we spent. A pizza or two would be nice for a meal for my family.
[request] broke college student in Toronto
Hi, I'm a college student in Toronto. I've been saving for a while to go to school and my 2nd half of tuition is due in a month. I moved from my hometown so I had to give up my job and I am having alot of trouble finding a new job in my new home. And I would really appreciate a pizza :)
 [request] Always wanted to try the cheese stuffed in the crust.
Never got to as a kid. Immigrant parents so we always stayed to basic veg. (my parents were muslims so I wasn't allowed any pork either). 

I discovered bacon in all it's glory. Now I love bacon, pepperoni and ham. It always smelled bad to me as a kid but now smells glorious... 

Kinda lost track. Anyway yeah, always wanted to try the cheese stuffed pizza. 
[Request] broke and hungry college girl who could use some finals fuel (Knoxville, TN)
I'm a 20 year old college student who works full time to pay for school, but I don't get paid until tomorrow and am desperately craving some pizza to help study for finals. Living off Ramen Noodles for the past 2 days has been less than kind to my body, and any help would be greatly appreciated. 
[Request] ATX redditors! I'll mow your lawn, clean your gutters, remove a limb! Broke, hungry and jobless.

[REQUEST] About to move across the country; could use some cheesy goodness.
Yo.

So I'm about to move across the country (Florida to Pennsylvania) with my girlfriend, and I just paid the deposit on the new place, first month's rent, and the pro-rate for my current apartment, so I've been stretched ramen-thin for a week and a half or so. I don't get paid 'till Friday, and a pizza would be pretty sweet. 

Not gonna lie; I won't starve if I don't get one, but it's been a pretty stressful week, and it'd help the ol' morale. I've done the verification system and such.

Thanks!
[Request] Hungry, pregnant, and hungry in Wyoming.
So, I haven't been able to keep anything but crackers down for a while now, and nothing has sounded good to me.

But I woke up today, and all I could think about was how damned good a pizza sounded. Except I'm broke until Thursday.

So, if someone is feeling generous, I'd absolutely love a simple pepperoni pizza.

I have a verification code, if that sways anyone's decision?
[Request]Doodling for pizza!
I'm not that great of an artist , but I will use my trusty Wacom tablet to doodle you anything of your choosing.  I'm quite certain that me and my brother won't have much to eat today.  A pizza would go a long way for this broke college student!  Once I get my college check I will be sure to pizza it forward!

*EDIT  I am located in Gray , TN!
[REQUEST] Ft. Collins Looking for a Winter Holiday Miracle 
Roommates and girlfriend out of town, sitting here broke with out pizza. If it happens, it happens, and I'll be eternally grateful. If it doesn't happen I'll eat something else.
[Request] just a hungry college student, no sob story here. (IA)
Hey RAOP, I'm chilling here in my dorm room and could use a great hot pie. I managed to land myself in a "suitcase university"--almost everyone goes home on the weekends. It's pretty lonely here. I have gifted before and would really appreciate some pizza. I absolutely LOVE Casey's pizza, but that's a midwest thing. Otherwise we have Pizza Hut close, and I'm not sure what else. 

Thanks a million for reading. 
[Request] Southern Illinois - would love a pizza
I'm 23 years old, graduated from college this past december, when doing so I lost my on campus job. After that, I interned on a feature film for a month, meaning I worked at least 12 hours a day, for no pay. Since then, I've done my best to find a new job, but I live in a smaller, rural area, meaning there's not a whole lot of jobs to go around. This is my first post on this subreddit, but basically, I love pizza, and I would just love to eat. Thanks for reading.

EDIT: Just found out that because my mom was forced into early retirement, she has to pay $10,000 a year in income taxes for the next few years. So the $30 I have, is what I have.
[REQUEST] Just learned about this subreddit today from Video...been broke, but not broken (more inside)
i literally have been eating rice with sriracha (nothing else in the fridge) for the past few days, hoping for some pizza to switch it up (and i guess to restore some of my strained faith in humanity? ...i suppose?) 

:/ 

long story short: went back to school and had to work shitty retail gig part time, barely making ends. now outta cash, but just started sweet new job. kind of getting by, barely, due to great friends.

 i think this is a nice idea, i'd definitely pay it forward when i get paid. Ask when you need, give when you can...right? Thanks if you can, no worries if you can't :)

(throwaway account btw)

EDIT: Forgot to say in Toronto
[Request] I'm just really hungry in Dallas, TX.
I lost my debit card last night and don't currently have a vehicle to go get a new one... so I have no money until tomorrow at least. Anyone want to help me out with a pizza? 
[Request] Hopeful guy that wants to end a long week on a good note -West Point, MS
I'm going to try to be very clear and straightforward.  I was out of work for a few weeks and unfortunately I recently ran out of cash.  The good thing is that I started working again this week but I won't be getting paid for another week.  After losing my job I felt hopeless but now I'm hopeful that things are starting to turn around.  I would certainly appreciate it if I was able to get a pizza because my kitchen is completely empty.  As soon as I'm able to I'm going to be sure to return the favor to someone else as often as possible.  I wouldn't feel comfortable receiving it if I didn't know I would do the same for someone else.
(Request) Got dumped and could use a pick me up.
Long term boyfriend dumped me when he came back from a month+ long trip in Europe, and I'm feeling really depressed. I've been really craving pizza and I'm sure pizza and tears go well together...
[Request] Pizza Favor 
A good three months ago, a family welcomed me into their home when I was living on the streets. I was homeless, broke and starving when they saved me. Now, I am on my feet thanks to them and they are moving tomorrow because of a family emergency. Since all of the food is packed up, I would like to get them a pizza but I do not have the money to do this until I get paid next Friday, which will be to late, so I will pay forward. Many thanks
[Request] Hungry in San Diego
No job and living with two other roommates. Both of them are away at the moment. One on Navy duty, the other has a death in the family and is out of state. Ran out of ramen today, would love a pizza to tide me by. Thanks.
[Request] Well, my house was broken into two nights ago, and they took everything from clothes, electronics, and even food. I think a bit of pizza would make me feel better, I feel bad asking though!
Here's a post about the break-in:
http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/1cjhxc/heres_my_brave_dog_dumbledore_hes_four_years_old/

Thanks if you can help in any way! I was looking at a few of the request threads, and when I saw the pizza it started a craving I guess :) you guys do amazing work!

I get off at 4:30pm EST so I don't know if there's a way to pre-schedule them or something? And I can pick it up as well to save extra costs!
[REQUEST] LOST MY JOB, COULD USE A PIZZA PICK ME UP
I lost my job and need to be stingy with my finances for a while.  Pizza is now a "want not need" to quote my wife.  Just found out about this today thought I'd give it a try. Can provide verification. Thanks in advance!

Edit:  I live in SLC, UT
[Request] So I hear that people give away free pizza?? (Columbia)
Is it true that people are just giving pizza away on this subreddit? I'm not quite sure if I'm supposed to tell a story about why I need pizza or what but unfortunately I don't have one and I'm not the kind of person to make one up.

I mean I am in college and as an RA I have been on duty all weekend forced to eat the tasteless cafeteria food if that's not worth a sweet greasy pizza I don't know what is.
[Request] Very hungry on this rainy day.
So, my curcumstance is that I am hungry. I live with my girlfriend and a friend and we have pretty much no food in the house. We have bread, but we ran out of raman yesterday and it is raining. Yesterday all I ate was a bowl of raman and two pieces of bread, and today I have been looking at the clock and thinking about pizza. I am not starving to death, but I would like a warm pizza to fill our stomachs. Also, I lost my wallet with my cards and a bit of cash over a week ago, I am not a deadbeat, but just having a hardish time. Can a man get a pizza for my girlfriend and brother? (refereed to as friend earlier as we are not blood related or related by marriage) I live in California, in Los Angeles County. I will give anymore info as requested.

I come from another forum and I asked if they could help by giving a coupon for a free pizza or something and they suggested I come here. Thank you for taking the time to read my post.
I'm a foolish person with a [Request]; having forget my new PIN on the first day of uni and am slowly wasting away. (Sheffield, UK)
So I'm a massive idiot who didn't bother checking my new debit card worked before moving away from home and to uni. So at present I'm living off my supplies and roommates good will. But classes begin tomorrow and I think my stomach is in danger of imploding from lack of food :O

I would be infinitely grateful if this was answered. I might make a nice little card on Publisher. (If I have publisher? I'll do something)
[Request] Could use a pie in Seattle.
You know that quote from Pulp Fiction about pride? It only hurts, it never helps. I've been learning that lesson this last few months.

Our household's budget is very, very tight. Basically, even though I have a full time job, I can barely make all the payments on a pile of medical debt. (A recent tooth removal pushed us over the edge.)

Well, if there's someone that could help us out, it'd be greatly appreciated. Cheers!

Update: Received a gift card from Gadianton. Thank you. You have done a great thing.
[Request] Pizza, pretty please? Will pay it forward soon, I pinky promise!
I'm in the middle of moving and have one more day before finals week starts. It's safe to say I'm going a little stir crazy. But mostly I would just really love a simple old pepperoni pizza. I've responded to a few offers and haven't had any responses. I PROMISE to pay it forward when I get moved in back home! Any one want to help a girl out? I would be forever in your debt! I cannot tell you how much it would mean to me.
[request] Forgot it was car insurance month...
Several hundred deducted from my checking account and now I have no cash. Can anyone pay me forward a pizza to help bridge the gap until pay day? Pizza Hut and Papa John's exist within delivery range. San Mateo, CA
[Request] College junior with two exams on Monday... Would love to have a pizza while studying this weekend!
Hey there, RAOP!

I'm new to this subreddit and figured I'd put up a request since I have a tough couple days ahead of me. 
I have exams in both of my 400-level classes on Monday and I'd really appreciate a pizza to get me through all the dense reading I have to do!
In one of my classes we're learning about altruistic behavior in humans, so a pizza gift from a random Internet stranger would be especially appropriate food for thought ;) 

Have a great weekend, everybody! 
[Request] End of semester, high stress, would love pizza to cope
title really says it all. Lots of tests, projects, and other assorted details to crank out over the next 2 and a half weeks.
[REQUEST] WILLIS, TEXAS is down for some pizza.
Ive got that pizza craving again, please help my suffering. 

NOODZ FOR PIZZA XD JK
[request] Had to put my dog down today. broke could really use a pizza. Melbourne, Australia.

[Request] Sweden. Would like to feel a little luxury today.
No sob story, no special circumstances. Would just like a pizza tonight instead of boring, cold food. 

Will give in return when my pay check arrives at the end of the week!
[Request]Stuck 8 hours from home with no money
Long story short, I came to a retreat, and could not stay due to health problems. I am now stuck pretty far from home with no ride until tomorrow, and I spent what little money I had on a hotel. Im really in need of something to eat, and will gladly pay it forward when I get home and have the chance.
[Request] Pizza for dinner later tonight UK/Scotland
My mother is away on holiday for 5 days. Don't want to sound like she abandoned me or anything, I was happy to stay and watch our dogs. The only thing is, she didn't leave me money, instead she actually bought food at supermarket for me. She didn't realize though that the food she had left me wouldn't last the entire weekend because its now out of date. Not her fault if anything probably mine since I already ate the food that wouldn't be out of date on Thursday and Friday and left the now out of date food (stupid I know) and now I got no food or money until Tuesday. All I would be looking for is a plain margarita pizza.

It would be absolutely amazing if someone was to buy me a pizza for my dinner later tonight!
[REQUEST] Pizza, it's delicious.
Pizza is delicious, this is a simple fact.  I would totally order myself a pizza, but that costs money, which unfortunately I don't have.  (I also don't have the best grasp of grammar apparently).  Guelph, Ontario is my location.  Sorry I missed that in the side bar!
[Request] Will Perform for Pizza.
I'll write a poem, sing a song, do a dance, play an instrument, whatever! I just want a pizza. (By the way, skype would be preferred so i can deliver my end of the deal."
[REQUEST] Tucson. I would greatly appreciate any kind stranger willing to give pizza to a poor college kid.
I don't have a sob story. I just have no money and would like to eat something other than ramen tonight. If someone could find it in their hearts to send some pizza love, I will send internet love back to you.
[Request] Miami. Stuck at home with a broken car, would love a pizza.
Pretty much what the title says. I was on my way out to find something cheap to eat when I found out my car's engine doesn't start, and so I turn to reddit for help in my time of hunger.

Thank you for the opportunity. :)
*~Request~* Colorado Mom of 2 spent last of money on baby formula!
I am a mother of two a 3 yr old and a 5 month old we are in tough times living at my mothers house trying to find a place to live. I am a stay at home mother while my fiancee works a full time minimum wage job to try to scrape by. due to the past few tough weeks my mother has decided that we have to leave by the beginning of august. I have just spent the last of our food stamps and money on our baby boy to buy him formula.  we are broke stressed out and in need of someone to raise our spirits. 
[Request] Broke College Student in Tipp City, Ohio.
Guys, even though I work two jobs and go to school full time money is always tight and sometimes I run out. This week is one of those times. I havent had anything to eat today except for a couple of snacks I could scrounge from a friend's house. Any way someone could help a fellow out?
[Request] Low on cash this month, would love a pizza in Denver.
I know this is second time I requested on here, but unfortunately no such luck, so I thought i'd try again. Like it says in the title, I'm low on cash this month, and would greatly appreciate a pizza. I promise that'll come give back once I get back on my feet. 
[Request] Anyone spare a pizza?
Hi, i am not going to lie to try to get something i don't deserve, i am not dieing, begging for food, etc. but rather just wanting to know if i could get a pizza, if there is someone in need of one that has a bad situation (no food, can't feed kids, etc.) give it to them, i'd rather see true joy/happiness then just being full myself.  I can't do much in return other than draw a picture or say something or something a 15 year old can do, i can give you a free copy of portal 1 if you want.

Thanks, and i hope this doesn't turn into a flame war or something.

EDIT: Sorry, I live in Eastern TN, where sharing Netflix is illegal &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

[request] Portland OR, USA. Licking my chops for a pizza.
Random poem for a random pizza and a random day....
 
 

* At work so busy all day, No time to eat gotta run can't stay! 

* On my way home tummy starts to grumble, as my engine starts to putter and rumble.

* Oh no I need gas I say to myself. Have to reach for the pizza money up on the top shelf. 

* Not rich, nor poor. I walked into the house like every man through the front door. 

* I sit and look at whats on my desk, load up a bowl and take a deep breath. 

* After a hit I see in the corner a fresh new wrapped game.. Maybe a gift for a foreigner!!!!

* I log onto reddit and draw up a post, I decided a contest is what I should host.

* RandomActsOfGaming is where it has been layed. For 36 hours is where it will have stayed.

* Post completed happy with myself, A pizza is what I want I look to my shelf.

* Oh that's right I spent it on gas, and the rest of my money has to last.

* Oh well no worries what can you do, should not have got the extra super jumbo sized corn dog thing while high at the zoo. So random acts of pizza I turn to you

* I am not down on my luck or feeling blue. Others deserve it more then me this is true. 

* But if you find it in your heart to warm mine up tonight, I will surely do the same on first paychecks light.

*
[Request] North Jersey: Family Emergency and I'm not the best cook, pizza would be greatly appreciated
Hey everybody, I just found out about this subreddit and I am requesting a pizza pie. Simply put, my dad has been in the hospital for a long time and is awaiting a procedure for this upcoming week. My mom is always at work and the hospital with him and whenever I'm home I have to find something to cook. Any kind of help would be amazing. Thanks.
[REQUEST] Phoenix, AZ Had a long week at work but don't get paid til Monday, a pizza tonight would be swell!
Broke until payday and only have soup waiting for me at home, but I am craving some cheesy goodness! If anyone could help, that would be gnarly!
(Request) Sweatin' in Seattle area...who turned up the thermostat???
Would absolutely love a pizza this evening...not feelin' too hot, no pun intended and don't have the energy to cook.
I'd be happy with a knuckle sandwich w/mayo about now.
[Request] Pizza for my roommate!
My roommate and i have fallen on some hard times lately, nothing to bad, mostly money problems. I spend a lot of time with my girlfriend, cooking for us most of the time at her house. I havent been the best friend to him lately, and i know he would really enjoy a piece of pie from some random stranger on the internet! Dang, just getting a bit choked up thinking about him getting a random pizza. Anyways, if anyone is up for a Random_Act_Of_Pizza, feel free to PM me! AMA you want, i will be here for a little while.
[request[ texas, broke, hungry, and embarassed
Hi this week i got a speeding ticket running late to work and almost lost my job since the companies insurance almost dropped me (I work for a car dealership as a porter). So i had to dig into my food money to pay it off and ive been bumming food for lunch all week and am all out of rice and bread (dinner of champions) so i was wondering if anyone would be willing to help me out since it's been a rough week.
[Request] Pizza or flour noodles ?! 
Hey all i live in a very small town in iowa we have like 3 places to eat  in this town, pizza hut , subway , hardees i unfortunately dont get paid until friday and our food is running low, anyway, me and my wife have decided to on here to try and get a pizza and if we dont succeed we will try to create flour noodles !? and those dont sound appetizing to be honest .
[Request]Southwest Florida Will Draw for Noms
Pizza craving overload. I will be able to pizza if forward on the Friday after next.. but until then, I'll send you 1 drawing for 3-5 days of whatever you so decide. I'm not an art student, but I would like to offer something awesome for something awesome. 
[Request] California USA My pregnant sister is craving pizza, can you guys help us out?

[Request] No food, no money, kinda hungry. 
My little brother and I have nothing to eat and it looks like it's going to be that way until tomorrow. Any help would be appreciated greatly.
[Request] Vacationing at home with no money
So here I am, stuck at home on vacation. I have no money because student loans suck. All I have until Friday is ramen, eggs, and a pickle.  

I am hoping someone out there in internet-land will be kind and give me a hand. Thank you in advance

Edit: Forgot to mention I live In RI. And only have access to a Dominoes or a Papa Gino's.
[Request] My Rat, Marla died. Now her sis and I and are all sad here in WA State.
I woke up yesterday to Marla gasping for breath, and Mia was just grooming her. Now Mia doesn't know what to do and honestly either do I. Ugh.

We live in Tacoma, WA.
[Request] California, hoping to get a pizza to share with the roommate. Both going through a tough time.
Both of us are college students and he's always hooked it up with a meal or some type of grub when I've been down on cash. Just looking to return the favor as we're both in the shit now. Have to use what little cash I do have left to get me to classes next week. :(
[Request] My gf of almost 10 months wants to celebrate my A on an Ochem test, but I don't want her to spend money. She works two jobs and needs to take stress management classes. Would like to enjoy a pizza tonight...
Any help will do! Thanks!
[request] Broke and feeling kind of crummy in Michigan
Been in kind of a funk lately. Had to pay too much for books I'll only be using one semester, I can't find another job to save my life, and me and my gf have been in fight mode excessively as of late... Papa John's won't fix my problems but it certainly would be nice right about now.
[REQUEST] Uncle is in the hospital and am using the last of my funds to go visit him and my family tomorrow. A pizza for me and my fiancee would be nice.
My close uncle is in the hospital. I don't know the full details but he more or less lost his mind. For the past 3 weeks he has been making up strange stories that got more and more strange and the other day it got very bad and he passed out and has been in the hospital since. Tomorrow me and my fiancee are driving 220 miles to go visit him and the rest of my family and I am using the last of my money to do so. I am out of a job and so is she and we would both love to be able to just relax tonight with a nice pizza to help cheer us up. I promise to pay it forward as soon as I get a job or some extra money.

EDIT: Forgot to include our location. We live in Plymouth, Indiana.
[REQUEST]Hollywood, Florida[REQUEST]
I'm very hungry right at the moment and I have nothing to eat in the refrigerator but ice and I need some pizza to eat. I'm not like "homeless starving" but I'm just damn hungry. So can someone here mind giving me some pizza? 
[REQUEST] Stuck in a rut...
Hi all, Im a 20yr university student struggling thorugh a Bsc in maths. Money is tight for all students but im constantly finding my self stuck in an endless loop of C's. Pizza would be amazing and would lift my spirts but as I live in Auckland, New Zealand I highly doubt there is anyone who can actually buy pizza for me over here... Thanks for reading anyway.
[Request (WI)] Hey guys, would love to eat a pizza I have never had before. What is you favorite pizza?!

[Request] Had a rough time lately and could use a pick-me-up.
Our family has been going through a rough time lately. We were involved in a car accident on Thanksgiving, and the other driver (who was at fault) was uninsured. My husband was fairly significantly injured, and dealing with the hassles of medical bills, doctor and surgeon appointments, and suing for damages, on top of resuming school/teaching this week (I'm a graduate student) has left me emotionally, physically, and financially drained. 

We have three small kids, and I'm sure pizza would be a huge hit, as we haven't bought food from a restaurant in a LONG time. If anyone would be willing to save me from cooking tonight, I would be eternally grateful.
[REQUEST] Four of us working for six hours due to administrative error
Due to an administrative error, four of us are sitting here folding, stapling, and applying mailing labels to 1,300 newsletters that have to go out for our organization. Oh, these have to be done tonight. We've been working for two hours and expect to be working for four more. Pizza would be spectacular! :)

[Here's](http://i.imgur.com/A7wub.jpg) a small portion of our pile of newsletters (sorry for the quality, it's my crappy iPod Touch camera).

You guys rock!

EDIT: We're near Grand Rapids, Michigan.
[Request] Connecticut USA Hungry student cramming for finals
 I'm a college student cramming for finals tomorrow. A pizza would be hugely appreciated. 
(Request) Pathetic couple in search of pizza to replace the holes in our hearts after losing our car to a pack of homeless people under a bridge. More in comments.
Recently among our other financial woes we lost our car to a colony of homeless people under the I10 bridge in New Orleans.  In addition to smashing almost all the glass and beating the sides with what we believe was a golf club, they also stole my SO's suits which were in the backseat.  While we noticed several of these fine citizens sporting some ill fitting business attire, we chose not to approach.  We found the backseat around 50 yards away, but decided to leave that behind as well since a couple of very friendly men were in the process of making it their fuck pad.  Everything that could physically be taken was, but they left us something in return!  They took a big poop in the trunk!  Alas we miss the Mitsubishi Lancer, and the only thing that could possibly dissipate our grief is a delicious hot pizza.  
Can provide pictures of car as well as pictures of our really cute dog.

Thank you to fordgawn for the delicious Bacon Pizza!!!!
[request] Columbia SC. Been on Reddit 8 months, this is my first post. I really want that got pizza'd bling...and could use lunch today.

[REQUEST] Will Reddit 4 Pizza
My roommate and I are both recently unemployed, and could use some pizza for subsistence as well as a pick-me-up. We're in south Alabama.

Thank you!
[Request] Not going to bs, I'm too lazy to make Ramen Noodles right now and I'm craving a pizza (South Carolina, US)
I have tons of ramen noodles but I really don't feel like eating them and I don't have the money to actually order a Pizza (I have $30 until Thursday and my gas tank's on E) and I would just LOVE a dominos philly cheesesteak pizza like you wouldn't believe. 
Edit: I have a pounding headace right now probably because I haven't eaten all day lol
[Request] I have an exam tomorrow that I'll be studying late for. I'm in need of sustenance and the PB&amp;J just won't do it.. 
We go on Thanksgiving break Wednesday but the proff decided to have the exam last minute. Going to be up late :s Will return the favor!
[Request] Unemployed, broke and hungry. Pittsburgh, PA
Hoping to have an interview soon. However, I'm broke until at least Wednesday hopefully that is. If anyone is kind enough to supply me with pizza I'll certainly give when I can.
[Request] The picture enclosed speaks for itself.
[Sadness](http://i.imgur.com/EBDoI.png)

I'd appreciate any help. I'm a hungry college and I don't start my new job until tomorrow. If I have to eat one more can of tuna I might die.
[Request] Feeling down in KS, can you spare a pizza?
I'm broke, unemployed, and my self-esteem is in the gutter. I could have it a lot worse -- I have a roof over my head, and I'm currently in school, finishing the prerequisites for a program I've dreamed of attending for years -- but to be honest, I'm pretty isolated right now, feel lonely, and pizza would make me feel better. Screenshot of my bank account balance and/or other verification available upon request. I hope to get a callback soon from one of the jobs I've applied for, so I can return the favor or pay it forward.
[Request] Savannah, GA. Future husband and I are so close to our next paychecks, but still far away.
I will receive my second paycheck at my new job (recent graduate) on the 10th! It's so close! But my last paycheck was on June 25 and all of that went to rent so we had to make $40 from my future husband's paycheck last us for groceries. I went shopping on June 29, but we have run out of all the food I bought. We would really love a pizza to hold us over today until my paycheck comes in.
[Request] Florida - Lost my job today and dinner is a fail.
~~I lost my job today after being really sick for a couple of days. I tried to make bean burritos tonight, but after hours of cooking, the beans are still hard! I'm very hungry but very broke. Any kindness would be greatly appreciated.~~

Upon researching our scenario, I remembered a recent credit card bill I paid a bit of. Thankfully, we'll be able to afford our food for the night. We (Necrizzo and his g/f) can thankfully splurge on some 'za for ourselves tonight.
[Request] Lawrence, KS. Looking for something to eat.
So lately I have been having a hard time buying quality food, often times just eating a one bowl of cereal or spagettio's a day. I am getting tired of eating microwaveable/easy foods so I figured I would turn to reddit for some help! 
It would be greatly appreciated if someone sent an extra pizza my way, and the best part about pizza is that I could always save more for later!!!
Thank you ahead of time for any offers!
[Request]  Georgia, USA - Finally found a job after 7 months of unemployment, but don't get paid until next Friday.  Husband is craving pizza but we just can't afford it :(  Can provide proof w/ account balances.
There is a Papa Johns right near us and I have a 50% off code if you'd like to use it. I looked and the total for the Pizza we would like would end up being $11.66 with the coupon.

More Info:  I started a new job on Friday and we get paid every other week, starting next week (so I'll only get paid for one day on my first paycheck on 9/7).  We have about $1080 in our checking account and rent ($1050) comes out within the next couple of days.  Husband won't get paid again until 9/14.  

As for proof, I can take a screenshot of our bank account balance and a couple of past rent deductions from the account so you can see the amount and them coming out the first of the month.  I can also show where he got paid on Friday.
[Request] Just fought with wife, she said she cheated on me with a mutual friend, then she left me.
Obviously i'm having a real bad night. started drinking heavily after i stopped crying

i really dont know what else to say

i dont wanna see anyone or talk to anyone right now
[Request] Oklahoma USA - Having a bad month, could use a pick-me-up
I've been having one heck of a time this month. First I came down with a really bad bug and missed work (Full-time student so I only work a couple nights a week) Then my water pump started leaking on my car. I spent every penny to my name on a replacement and managed to put the car back together without any left over bolts. Then last monday the car decided that I did not need a transmission that works. So I'm stranded on foot waiting for income taxes to come in so I can fix/replace the car. 

I'm buried in homework at the moment and sitting here trying to finish a project thats worth half of my grade. A hot pizza would make the night much more enjoyable. 

Thanks in advance 
[Request] (Alabama) Enjoying a lovely off day from class and work with friends, we would really love a vegetarian friendly pizza.
This is my first RAOP Request! Thanks, dudes.
[request] Spokane Washington is lustful for a wonderful pizza
Spokane Washington is lustful for a wonderful pizza, I don't care about about the size, gender, or ethnic origin of this pizza, so long as it has sauce. No payday till friday, and man, I'm freaking salivating right now looking at all these stupid pizza ads I get in the mail...
[request] MEMBER OF TEAM ORANGERED HERE, REQUESTING PIZZA

[Request]Home with the flu and starving. US FL
I am on my 3rd day of the flu. I have no money or groceries.
(Request) there is a chance my gf and i will only have had what was this bag of popcorn for thanksgiving. Please read. :/
Anything to eat. My gf and i are house sitting. Have no food or money. We get paid on saturday for the house sitting.. We dont want to eat the food of the house and cannot get a hold of the house owners to ask. My check is a day late. My company can be shaky with paying on time. (Direct deposit) Today is honestly the worst timing yet. I humbly ask to my fellows members of the internet. I am about to tell her the bag of pop corn we ate IS our Thanksgiving. 
[Request] Haven't consumed anything all day, probably won't tomorrow either
A pizza would be lovely
[request] In pain and hungry. 
Hey all, I just had a root canal yesterday and I don't feel like cooking the left over veggies. With rent, I am zeroed to only 50 cents in the bank. I just started a new job which takes 4 weeks to receive my first pay check. I've been relying on free food at work, vegetables and potatoes (we have a farm share at work). If you can help that will be great. 
[Request] Not in desperate need, but it'd be nice.
I know I am in no way original or the most deserving of a pizza, but basically, here's my story:
I met a girl awhile ago. We'll refer to her as an 80's metal musician. Let's say, Dave Mustaine. Dave and I started talking over a social media site, but for vagueness, we'll say headnovel. We met in real life shortly after, and became the best of friends very fast. About 3 months into hanging out, my ex-girlfriend called me while we were hanging out at my cabin, and I got upset because the ex was saying terrible things. To rectify this, Dave thought she should kiss me, and she did. Things went from best friends to Relationship pretty fast. But Dave had a boyfriend she never saw. Literally, NEVER. He asked her out, and from then on, it was a textual relationship. Eventually, I told her she needed to decide between the two of us, but she said she didn't want to hurt him. So I cut it off. Fast forward a few months ago, she came back into my life with a different boyfriend, one she actually saw. I wanted to hang out with her again because she saw eye to eye with me on more things than last time, which was a lot. She frequents reddit and other such sites, we laugh at memes and dumb things, hate everyone that is ignorant, we appreciate good music, and are very emotional. This time, reddit, she took my virginity while she was emotionally with her new boyfriend. I didn't regret it at first. I do now. Dave was made to choose between us once more, and she chose her boyfriend yet again. But for some dumb reason, I still talked to her up until about 24 hours ago. I wanted to fix it, to wait for this girl that I thought was the girl of my dreams. I still want to fix it. But she just hurts me. All day, I've tried to act normal, like hang out with friends and such, and I just feel removed from it. I just want some comfort food and to listen to punk music and be the stereotypical heartbroken teenage boy.
TL;DR girl of my dreams breaks my heart and virginity and I would like some comfort food right now.

I'll pay it forward however you ask, if I can.

Location:
Message for details.
Thanks.

[REQUEST] Pizza for the hungry?
Hey guys. I wanted to see how this works out. I just paid off my tuition for this college semester, so I definitely don't have the money for a pizza. :(

Anyone willing to help me out? :3

Gah, forgot location: Ellicott City, Maryland, USA, Earth, This Solar System, This Galaxy, This Universe.
[Request] St. Paul, MN. My girlfriend and I are broke and hungry. Will draw you a picture for pizza.
We are students struggling to pay rent, and feeling bad eating my girlfriends parents food. It would be awesome to feel like we can relax and just eat some pizza.

If you would like me or my girlfriend to draw you a picture we would be glad to. (She is the better drawer.) if you'd like to see some of her work you can check out her online portfolio [here.](http://www.brookeleighdesign.com/)
[request] Mom and I have no foodstamps or cash 
right now
We could really use some pizza. Live in suffolk NY

Thank you.
[Request] NO SOB STORY-Chillin' in TX. Would care for some pizza tomorrow Monday night!
I recently just joined Reddit! I heard about this service...and my title writes itself. I honestly think this is to good to be true. I'm chillin with my folks in Stafford, TX and [no sob story] I dont always order pizza...
"BUT WHEN I DO I MAKE SURE IT'S THE MOST INTERESTING ORDER EVER" School resumes for me on Tuesday, and to go back to my friends with a story of how I got pizza sounds sort of ecstatic to me! LOL Meat lovers anyone?
[REQUEST] Indiananapolis, IN USA. I will draw a shitty picture of you, sing a song or do a dance for pizza.

[Request] Orlando, FL: Couple in need of cheering up when down on luck.
So I live with my BF we are both unemployed currently. He has been searching for a job for the past 3 months after being laid off with no such luck, which is really beginning to take a toll on him. I have recently lost my job last week as well. Bills/rent are coming up in the next week and we are still scrounging/selling whatever we possibly can. We have began running low on food within the past week (instant rice, cereal, and ramen). were afraid that if we go to buy groceries before bills/rent are paid off, we will not have enough to pay them. A pizza would be a nice change for dinner and quite possibly even help my BF to keep his head up and not get discouraged his job hunting.
(REQUEST) Two girls want some PIZZERRR!!!!!
hey reddit were just hanging out and broke as fuck and hungie as hell. our dog is sick after eating the roast we've been cooking all tonight. if anyone can help us out it would be greatly appreciated!
[REQUEST] Central PA...Help with a pizza 
Well I'm watching my niece, my nephew, and two of his little friends tonight since their mom, my sister, is at work and won't be back until this evening.  They don't really like the food I have (Zucchini pancakes!!), and I don't have the expertise to make them something they'd enjoy.  So I come to reddit in hopes that someone can help the little ones have a dinner they'll like and hopefully hang out with their uncle even if they don't have too :)!
[Request; Westland, MI]  Been living on Ramen and 
oatmeal for about a week and I'm running out... 
Lost my job in December.  I've been actively looking for a new one.  Worked as a security guard for a week before getting laid off.  Been going to interviews but still no positions yet.

I've completely run out of money and am basically stuck in my house, saving what little gas I have left for pursuing job prospects.  I've been eating through the last of my ramen during this past week or so and slowly depleting my reserve of oatmeal.

If anyone could send a pepperoni pizza, I'll be sure to keep the pizza-karma flowing once I land on my feet.

I'm also completely open to repaying the pizza favor with some non-money related favor, just let me know what you need.

**
[request] Hungry freshmen graphic designer getting through art school (MICA) and spending the remainder of the night editing video.
I've been filming my first short film/documentary all week and I finally just hit editing stage. I got so wrapped up in filming that now I have to edit 60+ minutes of footage in around 10. I'm dedicated into making this as good as possible. 

Oh and the short documentary is about people's reaction to the word dick and their views on masculinity. If you guys are interested in seeing the finished product I will definitely post it up. 
[Request] I'm employed. I have money. But it's been a really crappy week, and a RAOP would make me smile. (Austin TX)
Wednesday: Moved out of my house, marriage in shambles.

Friday: In the ER with kidney stones. Intense amounts of pain.

Saturday: Missed my sister-in-law's wedding due to both previous events.

Monday: Reamed by my boss for shabby work, given this week to work on it.

Today: Oh crap it's Wednesday already. A long evening of work awaits.

If anyone wants to order me an [Austin's Pizza](http://www.austinspizza.com/menu.php) (the Redditor, of course) then it would add a little bright spot to my week. My friend, who's offering his couch rent-free, would appreciate the free grub as well. 

PM me if you're willing, no hard feelings if you're not.
[REQUEST]Setting my pride aside, my small family is 
hungry for the weekend.
EDIT! Thanks to jetboyterp! He provided us with some nice grub for the night. It amazes me to no end to see the kindness still left in some people, and pushes me forward to keep providing that same kindness to others whenever I am able. I'll follow up with some pictures of some pizza!

Hello fellow Redditors. I'm probably gonna rant and make a bigger deal of this than I should, and I'll try to keep it short and simple. But let me mention, I am NOT one to ask for assistance. But there comes times when we must swallow our pride.

I have a small family of three, just my daughter, my wife, and myself. I'm a mechanic by trade, and make an acceptable amount of money...normally. The last month has been very rough, with work being slow and hours being cut. We are in an apartment that costs us $325/wk, and that is killing us. We've had to cut off both phones, and recently our car took a turn for the worst and left us without transportation.

I've been able to keep food in the house, up until the last week or so. Mostly thanks to foodstamps, but those funds have run out. This last week I've had to pay back some small debts to my boss and father, and it's really hurt.

Also, our stove at this apartment doesn't work, so we've had to basically resort to microwave, cold prep foods, and a single burner hotplate. My cupboards and fridge are empty, short of some month old ice cream and leftovers that we've been too lazy to throw away. My family is hungry, but just for the day.

So here is my request, which I will counter with an offer. In exchange for a pizza, I will buy 2 other people in need a pizza in the near future. This is my way of setting aside the guilt of asking, and expanding the assistance of RAOP. I can provide any and all proof and verification needed. And whatever happens, I'd still like to thank RAOP for all their awesomeness.

NOTE: Come Monday, I can get my paycheck advanced to me. Yesterday we just barely slid by, and all will be well from Moday on. I've got a second job that I start Tuesday at. It's just rather...depressing(maybe even desperate) feeling to be hungry, have an empty wallet, and feel like there is nothing I can do. Thanks again Reddit. :)

EDIT: I'm so sorry, I completely forgot to put my location, and I kept saying it in my head. :P Anyways, I'm in South Florida, right by Ft. Lauderdale.


[Request] Arkansas - Poor lonely college kid with almost no money. Would really like a pizza tonight.
I don't know what else to say. Iv been cooking for myself for awhile now (crappy soup, sometimes Hamburger Helper, and lots of rice) and would really like something that tastes good. I can provide proof of..me I guess or whatever. Thanks for considering. 

**Edit:** Oh and the pipes to my shower or something are leaking...
[request] Broke and hungry, no paycheck till Monday.
Title pretty much sums it up. Slow season at my job has left me broke for the next few days. Pizza would put a smile on my face and a meal/two in my belly. I'm in New Orleans. Thanks. 
[Request] Evidence Law exam tomorrow at 9am. Subsisting on Tea. Would love a Vegitarian Pizza. (London, Ontario)
Gonna be a long long night
(Request) Hey can I get a pizza I can't leave my house and I have no food
My cat ran away and I have to stay in my house so I can get him if he comes back so I can't get up to pizza hut to get food 

:(

help please
[Request] - Battling bipolar disorder (Ohio USA)
I've had a difficult time dealing with this disease and being that I have no health insurance, it has left me pretty broke. I'm living off of ramen noodles at this point and would really like to change it up a bit. Maybe the change will help my mental state a bit?
[Request] It's my friend's birthday - [MN]
He's 20 today, and we have a full night of gaming to power through. We also can't drive, and I only have $2 to my name. He's got a bunch of PS3 games, and if you'd like we can play BF3 or some other games online together :3
[Request] 2 college students who won't have time to get lunch because of work could use some help-PHILLY Metro

[Request] Unemployment payment got delayed. Waiting until Wednesday for payments. RAOP would really keep me going. 
Recently, I had to file an extension for my U.I. but my payments ended up getting delayed from it and was force to overdraft a cheque to pay for rent. Thankfully, I'm getting the payments by next week and some incoming gigs(barbacking) by Wednesday. Until then, I only have a few dollars and a supply of ramen. If anyone is willing to make my day by sending me pizza. I would be more then grateful for the random act of kindness.  I have a RAOP verification code if needed. 
17, dad's at a Rush concert, home alone with an empty fridge. (Request)
Blasting music and hungry :(
[REQUEST] Another sob story, but at least it's interesting (Atlanta)
New to Reddit, guys on 4Chan sent me this way so hopefully I strike a cord with someone. To sum it all up, here's the general overview of my life since April of this year.

 I used to work for a major cell phone carrier answering calls from the general public. I liked my 9 dollars an hour, then they fired me, for taking 3 days off in a row because I couldn't get to work (I couldn't miracle up a car to drive while mine was getting fixed). Seems unlikely right? Well this is Sprint we're talking about, the same people who offer to take $25 off your bill when you call to complain about their wonderful service. They don't bother to tell you it extends your contract by a year and removes your upgrade eligibility, and if you ask odds are they'll lie about it. Speaking from experience, 90% of my coworkers in my department didn't know that. So as you can tell nothings beneath them. If you have any questions about Sprint I'll happily clear them up, there's a way around almost anything lol.

I've tried my best to be self supportive up until now. I cut a few yards every month, sold all my worldly possessions, I even defaulted on my car payments with just 4 to go. You know, the usual stuff. I also tried the unusual, for a week I was selling male enhancement pills from home in my spare time. Then the company went under lol. Just as well, they were nothing but banana peel powder and saccharin anyway. Oh and crab shells or some crap like that, I dunno, I didn't keep the bottle they gave me.

My family's been real supportive through all this, my uncle even changed his phone number without telling me. Ironically I hadn't even asked for anything from them, they saw my post on twitter and deserted me on the spot. I'm the only one in the family who owns his own home, and the only one who hasn't begged the grandparents for anything. After all, I've always managed on my own, so my uncle probably figures I can do it again. Of coarse when his mule faced wife wanted a tummy tuck and a boob job done last year, they asked me to keep her in my prayers. Fair weather family is like that, thank goodness I'm the youngest. I take solace in that I'll be alive and dragging my butt on their graves long after they're dead. Might even take a wizz, gotta water the grass ya know?

Since I got fired I don't get unemployment, and I'm a natural born tax paying citizen living near a major metropolitan city, so there isn't any government programs I qualify for either. Work prospects are bleak at best, especially since now I'm without wheels. I tried doing the day labor gigs they have down at the local employment office, line was already a hundred people long when I got their, 3 hours early x.x Tried finding religion to see if the divine spirit would help with any of my problems, then I found out God gives you hardships to make you stronger. Sure enough my gas stove died later that week, so as these and countless other things continue to stack up I find myself getting stronger and stronger. You can't tell because of this fat exterior but man, underneath all that I'm built like a brick house.

So that's some of it, if I got into all of it we'd be here all day. I just want a couple bucks worth of pizza or maybe a couple of those sandwiches Dominos makes, that'd greatly improve my mood here in the short term. Tomorrow and Thursday I'll be glued to the phone hoping that for the first time since April I'll get offered a job. If nothing else wish me luck on that. Also if anyone's interested in buying whatever curse I've been afflicted with I'm selling it on the cheap =)
[Request] Broke studying college student.
Hey I would so grateful for a pizza right now. I am out of food at the moment, not even ramen left, and my pay check isn't coming till Wednesday due to labor day weekend. I have some tests I am studying for right now, I am in Rochester NY. 
[Request] Beautiful day in Rockville, MD
So I'm enjoying the last days of unemployment (starting next Wednesday woo!) by setting a blanket outside with a pillow and a power strip long enough for me to take my laptop outside and a book (The Forever War). I'm not in particular need, but it's a gorgeous day, and I'm feeling like being a slug and it's my birthday tomorrow (me and my twin sister). Never done this before, not quite sure of the process. Again, not necessary at all and completely random! 

I love what you guys do here and will contribute once everything starts up. That being said, as far as random acts of cookies goes, someone motivate me to try out that recipe for key lime meltaways please! Also, let me know if there's any verification needed for anything. Or if there's any special procedure I should follow. If I do this, I want to do it right!
[REQUEST] Two final exams and a final paper tomorrow, going to be a long night (Aurora, IL)
I'm going to be up pretty late tonight, and some pizza would be wonderful in helping me get through the night. Any help is appreciated, thank you.
[REQUEST] Just an average kid... i think?
Well, i don't have a life threatening disease, i'm not poor, i'm not anti-social and have friends... I mean, there's nothing that makes me stand out to want a pizza more than others. I just want pizza because it's fucking delicious. 

I go to school at Ohio University and i just want pizza. Any acts of Pizzaness will be returned to another redditor.
(Request) My waters been cutoff, I literally have nothing I can cook without it. Stockbridge, GA
I've had a lot happen in the last year but I'm always trying to be positive and keep my head from sinking. I rode my water bill too long this time around. Now just a few days before I could pay them it's been shut off, and they've made it clear they won't cut it back on without payment first. I live mostly off instant noodles and macaroni, now I can't even boil water for a cup of tea. Right now my sink is loaded with dirty dishes that'll probably be ruined by the time I can run the dishwasher. I don't get anymore cash until this weekend, so the water isn't coming back anytime soon. I'm not working at the moment and I don't have wheels anymore either. My bank account is literally drawn down to the 70 cent mark, even if I had transport I couldn't buy anything substantial. 

When I asked a neighbor I get along with just to let me fill up a milk jug he told me no instantly. He acted like I was asking him at gun point. So he can borrow my edger, but me asking for a gallon of water is the line, apparently. I don't know what I'm going to do when I inevitably need to flush the toilet. I got a lot of time to come up with creative solutions but food isn't something I can come up with a fix for. I was going to live off spaghetti and macaroni until payday but now I'm stuck with no water to boil them in. I ate an uncooked ramen brick for a meal earlier, if I don't get some real food I think I'll go nuts. I can provide proof if someone needs it, I'll scan the note the left for me or whatever you guys wants. I'm being real here, I'm in a bad way and the end isn't in sight quite yet. Can anyone help me?
[REQUEST] My roommate and I have a Physics test and a Differential Equations test tomorrow. Will you make our last meal be pizza?
We have evil evil tests tomorrow and we will not sleeping much tonight as a result. Pizza would be an amazing thing to have during this struggle. Reasonable eccentric requests in return will be considered.
[Request] just moved into a new place, out of trees; with no money or food (except peanut butter and some stale sunflower seeds) until friday.
I think I could make a pizza last until friday, if anyone would like to help out a random college student I would really, really appreciate it.
[Request]Burlington,Ma- Parents anniversary tonight, would love to treat my brothers to pizza!
My Dad and stepmom are having their 5 year anniversary tonight! They're heading into boston and i would love pizza for the rest of the family (Tim, Kraig, Carl, Randy and Kev + Me) But i am all out of money until Thursday! Will pay it forward!
[Request] My computer isn't good enough to play Minecraft and now I'm depressed. 
I just bought 4 GBs of new RAM to make it run better, but it's still unplayable. I was looking forward to playing multiplayer with my brother. Needless to say, I'm pretty disappointed. I'm in Utah County.
Extremely Hungry [Request]
[Request]Go to college at San Francisco State, live in SF,
haven't eaten an actual meal in a few days, besides a few slices of bread. Please give me something to eat I get paid on the 15th :(
[Request] Extremely embarrassed...and starting to feel a bit hopeless...
This is obviously a throwaway. I've attempted to make a request before, but no one fulfilled it. I decided it would be wise to disclose a bit more about my situation, but I'm super embarrassed, hence the throwaway. If anyone offers, I'd be more than happy to message you via my regular reddit account. I've given and received before. 

Things are looking pretty bleak for us, food-wise (thankfully, we're okay in other areas of our lives). It is literally just food. I'm embarrassed to say this, but we're at a point where we had to apply for food stamps. (I don't think there is anything wrong with food stamps or people who need them, I just never thought we'd be in this dire state of need.) I got all my verification turned in, but it is taking them so long to process it. I am hoping we get it before Thanksgiving, since their office will be closed from Thursday-Monday. I don't know what I'll do if they fail to complete processing my application before their Thanksgiving break. From the way things are going, it seems unlikely.

If anyone could send me a gift card for a pizza, I'd be so grateful. I'd pay it forward in anyway I can. 

We couldn't pay our internet/phone bill. Thankfully, free wi-fi is only a short walk away. If you respond to this, please understand that I probably won't be able to respond to you until tomorrow morning. 
[Request] Just moved to AK and now we are broke and have no food.
My fiance and I just moved to AK to spend time with his grandfather who is doing poorly and return to where he grew up. In doing so we have a grand total of 1.55 cents in change and would love to have something substantial to eat other then the few packs of ramen we have to live off of for a month which is worse then the food rationing we have to do with the pets the poor things. We would love a pizza miracle in our home! Next month when we have money we will pay it forward to another desperate soul &lt;3

http://imgur.com/a/51gOA

Thank you so much for the pizza 1n_my_opinion!!! It's divine and we couldn't wait to dig in!  
[Request] Hungry and Broke KS, US
Me and my lady are broke and hungry. We're between paydays, and I just shelled out the last of my cash to get back into classes. If some wonderful redditor would lend a hand I'll pay it forward as soon as I can.
[Request] Family with no income needs dinner
The last few months we've been eating rice noodles in chicken broth at least five times a week for dinner. A pizza would be a very welcome change, and we would very much appreciate it. There's just four of us, so we don't need much.
[REQUEST]
Hi there,
i'm in a spot of bother and my girlfriend just left me for a good friend of mine. I feel like utter crap cos i spent all my money on her. i am new here but could really do with some help plus its my birthday soon :). thanks, Dan
(Request) Please be helpfull
My parents just went through a divorce and times have been hard on both my mom and dad. I'm living with my mom now but may have to move to my dads because my mom isn't able to support me and my dad isn't paying child support to my mom. i would love to treat myself to a pizza but i have nearly any money to pay for one, please help me with paying for a pizza! i will return the favor once i am able to!
[Request] New Jersey. About to kick opiates for the holidays while living with my grandmom. A pizza tonight would be a really nice last meal for the next 4-5 days.
Title says it all. This is my main account. Last used this morning gonna detox starting tomorrow. A pizza tonight would be great.
[Request] Halp, such hunger (Charleston SC)
Extremely hungry 23 year old in between jobs and out of stuff to pawn here (except my computer but lets be real, I'm not gonna pawn it lol), hoping to find a kind soul that would like to put pizza in my belly.
PM me for my address
I live in downtown Charleston, SC. You can choose between any of the big chains as well as a few stores. I'd prefer Papa Johns but its up to you
[Request] TX. My pregnant wife and I would love a pizza if possible :)
First time making a request. Money is tight recently thanks to a shift change at work and losing my 10% night shift differential. I'm off today and tomorrow so no rush :) thanks in advance
[REQUEST] I'm hungry and only have frozen foods. I've been eating them everyday and I don't think it's healthy to continue to do so, so can I please have a fresh pizza? I live in Toronto, Canada

[Request] would absolutely love a pizza (or anything really) for tonight! will pay it forward friday 8/25/12. please! 
title says it all. was 2 weeks late on rent so i had to pay my landlord off Monday when he came back into town. he worked with me on the payment thank god. i get paid every two weeks, my next check comes on friday afternoon (the 25th) i would absolutely pay it back or pay it forward, your choice. pizza would last me until saturday evening since i work during the days. it would help so much, and truly be appreciated. i have never received a pizza here before
[Request] Southern Oregon guy needs some 'za
  I'm doing this for my roommate. He's dealing with a ton of stress at the moment. His mom just went into hospice care this week with terminal brain &amp; lung cancer. His birthday's on Saturday, &amp; he's got to work all weekend.  As you can imagine, he's an emotional wreck, &amp; I just want to try &amp; lift his spirits as best I can.

  We've got a Papa John's &amp; 2 Pizza Hut's in town.  Any help from anyone would be awesome.  Thanks.
[Request] 2 Starving Mexicans just craving some Papa Johns.
My buddy and I just went on a mission across Chicago to supposedly pick up my paycheck. Turns out they didn't have it, and now we just spent our last dollar on two slurpees from 7-11. 


Would love a pizza right now, and Papa Johns would seem like the best fit, seeing as how it's right down the street from where I'm by, but would take any of the big 3. Appreciate it. 


Will pay it forward once my paycheck actually comes through.
[Request] Today is the opportune time to help my Mother realize the kindness of Reddit!
After having just finished paying two months rent, and my sister's infant getting sick, our family is in a seriously tight bind, cash wise, for the next two weeks. We've had troubles before though and made it through, this just makes it the perfect time to ask for your help in solving the real problem...

After almost a year of trying to convince her otherwise, my mother believes that Reddit is at it's core, a place where people go to lie about how wonderful their life is or post pictures of their animals. (Basically anything told to her about Reddit from watching the news) She doesn't realize that Reddit can be a great source of kindness that can touch even the average user if you seek it from subs such as [/r/depression](/r/depression) , [/r/progresspics](/r/progresspics) and of course [/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza](/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza).

With our recent cash problems, it would go a very long way in making her realize how important Reddit has been to me, along with hopefully making her realize the true nature of the people on this site, if she were to receive a Pizza from a generous stranger during a difficult time.

Thank you in advance! This site and this subreddit are wonderful!

[REQUEST] Phoenix, Arizona. Middle school theatre students staying late (till nearly 8pm) to rehearse for their production of Willie Wonka Jr. We all would greatly appreciate anything! Help put a cheesy smile on their face?
All this week, these students are working hard on getting this musical perfect, and they don't have anything for dinner. Anyone willing to give them some pizzas for Monday-Wednesday? The students would greatly appreciate it! PM for any questions. We can perform a song or two if someone wants? :)
[request] (norfolk, VA) newlyweds in search of sustenance!
My husband and I recently got married and moved into a new place, spent money on rent, furniture, groceries. I just recently found a job but I don't start until next weekend. My husband is in the military but don't let that fool you, they give us just enough to pay our bills and we've been eating rice for days. I would appreciate any redditor willing to help us out so we can enjoy our saturday night together once he comes home from work. I will definitely pay it forward as soon as I start work next weekend!

[Request] In the process of moving... Could really use some pizza. [Medicine Hat, AB, Canada]
I'm tired, sweaty and hungry and I don't want to turn on the oven in this heat.

I could draw you a picture or something but I can't promise you that it would be any good. Or I could send you a picture of me, super happy and eating pizza.
[Request] Denver, CO hitting some hard times, anything would help!
My gf and I have hit some hard times with her losing her job and then unemployment as well for being physically unable to perform her job due to various hand injuries as a server in a restuarant. She is currently petitioning to have unemployment reinstated due to medical reasons for being unable to perform her job, but until then things are really tight and ANYTHING would help us out right now. 

I've been both a giver and receiver in RAOP before and would certainly return the favor again when I am able to reciprocate. It took everything we have to pay rent today and some food would go a long ways towards making our next couple of days go by much better with some food.



Thanks :)

Edit: RAOP, not ROAP :)
[Request] Moved to a new city, Broke until next Friday when I get my first paycheck. No food besides PB&amp;J. Could really use some help.
Finally got a job but the way the first pay works I am without for another week. If someone could help me out that would be amazing.
[Request] Ohio, USA. Girlfriend, brother and I, Hungry for some pizza!
No real sad story today, just broke until Friday with little left in the cupboards (Damn cat eats me out of house and home!) Here's to hoping someone with a big enough heart will help a fellow Redditor out.
And always willing to pay it forward onto the next guy\gal that needs some pizza!

-Cheers!
(REQUEST) LOUISVILLE KY  Hungry could use some pizza please help
Hello I am posting another request I have not got pizza d yet and I am trying it agian..I am out of food right now and I am very hungry dont get paid until tomorrow will someone help me eat tonight please ..Hopeing i will get pizzad tonight thanks..Will return the favor when i get payed tomorrow thanks
[Request] Spent the last 16$ of my food stamps on my sons formula, could use a pizza.
Will pay it forward asap.
[Request] Help me do something nice for my family Holly, Mi USA
So Here's the lowdown, I'm a 23 M fresh out of the army. April 17th 2013 and we are living with my wife's parents until we can get on our feet. I have been expecting my last paycheck for a while now but it seems long to come.
Both of her parents are in their 70's and living on retirement checks so i feel really bad about being here. But we have no where else to go. I will have money soon but not in time for it to help. (Pulling my Tsp, Retirement) and what not.
I have 1 boy 2 yrs and a pregnant wife and 2 older people, one on oxygen. I would love to be able to do something nice as a treat for them but i have no money.
Anything would be amazing, I'm not saying we Need it but i would rather not eat bean soup again and give us something nice to talk over.
You can call me and we can talk a bit, if you are willing to help, or even if not Just message me.
Thank you in advance anyone willing to help.
[Request] Pizza for my fiancee
Okay so to keep things short, my fiancee has been having a really rough week and I'd like to surprise her with some pizza. The only problem is due to some recent financial obligations and trouble, I am low on funds and unable to buy it for her. So if anyone has any good coupons or deals, or would be willing to gift her some pizza I'd be really gratefully and will definitely gift it forward as soon as I can. She has Papa Johns and Dominos nearby, and we are located in Lynchburg, Virginia.

Thanks!!
[Request][USA]Could use something nice to eat.
Planning a cross-country move in a week (Davison, Michigan to Maine), but currently broke and living on ramen and occasionally my roommates' leftovers. I would seriously appreciate a break from that, even a small one. There's a Pizza Hut and a Hungry Howie's (Michigan chain) near me that both do online ordering, and they're about the same price but only Pizza Hut does gift cards, so I'm not quite sure how to go about it. I've only gotta feed myself, so I don't necessarily need much. I can try to pay you back, if you don't mind it possibly taking a while- I'm moving to look for a job. 

P.S. If either of my roommates see this: Hey guys look, there's a subreddit for this!
[request] In Centralia IL
Hi I a m new to this site hope that I do this right.  Im wishing for a pizza today for my family.  We have not have anything as I am awaiting approval for snap and currently no food pantrys today.  Hope someone out there would grant our wish. We have a Dominos.. pizza hut in our town.  Thankyou so much and godbless
[request] Northern NJ - Your pizza donation will feed two of us for 2 days.
My wife and I are filing for bankruptcy very soon.  In the meantime, we are very close to running out of food, and we are out of money until I get paid next Friday.  We're not pigs - we can easily make a pizza last for two dinners between the two of us.  It would get us that much closer to my next paycheck without starving.

We would really, really appreciate a pizza from some kind Redditor right about now.  I can provide verification if needed.

Thanks for reading!

Location: Northern NJ
[Request] Working second, left my lunch and wallet at home and got the cravings. Will pay forward tomorrow!
The Dominos doesn't deliver here but Pizza Hut does! I'll also throw in some reddit gold since I can pay for that with google checkout!

Any kind hearted souls out there mind hooking me up?
[REQUEST] UK | Just came home from abroad to find my debit card is blocked and can't get bank to fix until Monday :(
Not the end of the world if nobody offers but would be a really nice change to a shitty few days! Would love a medium from Dominos or maybe just a couple of their sides to be cheaper

On Monday I'll pass on the favour (not because I'm a nice person or believe in Karma, I'd just feel like a bit of a dick otherwise..)

Thanks in advance if anyone is kinda enough x

edit: Should maybe point out, was hoping for this sometime this afternoon or evening, no rush on it
[Request] It's lunch time. Can someone help me with a pizza please? Park City, UT
I'm not new to Reddit. I often look through posts on this subreddit wondering if it's okay to post from my main account or not. I decided against it and I hope that doesn't scare anyone away. The kids and I had pb&amp;j (peanut butter and jelly for the uninitiated) for breakfast and we are now debating our options. We are not without food, but would just like something different. A pizza would definitely help us forget about our breakfast. PB&amp;J is great, but eating it day after day gets old. I hope someone will please consider us. Any pizza place would work, the little ones and I can share a pizza. Thank you. 
(request) Lost my job last week, behind on my payments and credit score is dying on me. Lighten up my life?
pls. got verification code. will dance and tape it for gift cards. delivery is fine too. got dominos nearby, thats pretty much it. its too early right now, but later today id love the pizza. pls.
[Request] Victoria, BC starving author got roped into working the night shift. Pizza me? Perks!
I'm not going to bore you with a long-winded explanation. It's simple. I'm broke, hungry, a week from payday and have now been informed I'm working a graveyard shift.

I'm also a self-published author who is in the midst of finishing up his second fantasy novel, which will be published in print and ebook, and I'm willing to give someone a free copy of the book, AND include you as a character in the fifteenth chapter of the sequel. You will be forever immortalized as a character in fantasy fiction.

[The book](http://www.ejspurrell.com/engines-of-creation-series/children-of-the-halo/)

[Request] Totally out of money until the 8th need some help with food.
I'm out of cash, and only have $1.38 in SNAP benefits left. Anything would be great. 
[Request] I want to eat food
I'm gonna be home alone for a while, and I want food. Stupid reason, I know, but hungry men can only think stupid.
[request] Lexington, KY. Wife really wants a pizza and I am broke as a joke.
We recently moved to the area and have basically been living paycheck to paycheck. She just started working again and has been kicking ass and has bailed us out a couple times and I would really like reward her with pizza. 
[REQUEST] Will you be my angel tonight? [seattle]
Dear /r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza

I come before you now as a humble man. I would like to think I am an honest man so I shall tell you an honest tale. 

My name is Dave and I currently am working at a Homeless shelter for homeless youth in Seattle called ROOTS. I love working at ROOTS, I can sleep easily in the mornings (since I work throughout the nights) knowing that I am helping keeping 30 homeless youth off the streets and away from SNOWzilla's wrath as he stomps through Seattle. 

SNOWzilla has ruined things here in Seattle. Because of the nature of the place I work at, someone MUST be on staff every night, and I have to work throughout the weekend and since the buses are closed? I must walk 5 miles in ice and snow to get to work. 

Sadly though, I don't get paid very much. [(Bank Statement)](http://imgur.com/DvEeh) But that is the way of the world working for a homeless shelter. I haven't eaten in the last day and a half because of there being nothing in my kitchen [My fridge](http://imgur.com/05ffR) and stores being closed.

So I am asking you all, if you are willing, would be able to show a snowed-in man with no money some kindness? Even under these difficult times, and even if whether or not my ask for some kindness has no results, know that I have fun even when times are grim [I did it all for you, Reddit!](http://imgur.com/bhnxu)

I hope you can all find it in your hearts to give some kindness my way. I hope you all have a SAFE time as snowzilla causes havoc in everyone's regions and I live you with one last picture.

[Will you be my angel tonight??](http://imgur.com/vBBNm)
[Request] Massachusetts broke hungry college student
My school bizarrely sets meal times to end at 7 pm every night, and as a twenty year old I often stay up about 7 hours after that. As a twenty year old I also get extremely hungry and have no money with which to get a pizza. If anyone would be so kind as to offer me this, I would definitely pay it forward in the future. Definitely not a tearjerker, but 100% factual
(Request) Orange County; Haven't eaten in awhile!
I'm 22, I live on my own. I ran out of work in the beginning of December. ...been living off of what I can. Unfortunately I ran out of food a couple days ago....I need to eat something. I will buy you a pizza and I'll also find you a cat who has a pony as a best friend as soon as I can!

Thank you!
[Request] My dog has been having cluster seizures. I'm exhausted and need some cheesy encouragement.
I barely slept last night so this won't be very eloquent. Yesterday evening my little dog had a seizure. She's had them before (very rare, vet said not to worry bc of infrequency) so we let her ride it out and she seemed to be feeling better. Then at 5am this morning she had another seizure, then another at 8am. I brought her to the vets where she got diagnosed with epilepsy and given some medicine. When we got home she had a 4th seizure and I had to bring her back for IV medication and medical monitoring. I'm a grad student (ergo broke) and am out $450 in vet bills just today and worried sick about my pup. 

Please help me out. There is a Papa John's nearby and also a locally owned small pizza place that does online orders. I can provide proof of my story and I'm sure my pup would love a little pizza crust when we get to bring her home. 
[Request] A broken car that needed towing took the last of our dough, a pizza pick me up would be greatly appreciated
My girlfriends car broke down on the side of the road last night, and she spent the last of our money getting it towed 60 miles back home (Bellingham, WA.). This expense means she will now be unable to pay utilities or the car payment this month. The only reason she was down there was because we were not getting along, which was mostly my fault. I have no money but would like to give her a pick me up. Some za would probably do the trick. Any help would be appreciated.
[Request] Would Love a Celebration Pizza (in Virginia)
My husband and I are buying our first new car today.  We are not in dire straights by any means, but buying a new car is definitely putting a huge dent in our wallets.  I would like to surprise my husband tonight with a celebratory pizza that didn't put any extra strain on our bank account.  The car payments over the next 5 years will being doing enough of that.  Thank you!
[REQUEST] Hungry in Vancouver, BC, Canada
My wife and I aren't paid until the weekend and money's pretty tight at the moment.   Any help would be greatly appreciated.
[Request] Pizza for a down and out college student
HERE IS THE STORY! 

So, I'm a broke, recently unemployed college student dealing with some stress. 

I did something i've never done before, and asked for a Pizza. 

And then I had second thoughts, because I felt really horrible asking for a pizza when there are people out there with REAL problems. So I deleted my post. 

Then, an amazing redditor Pizza'd me anyways, So I am redoing this post so that the proper flair can be assigned. 

Thank you, Lordelf, I will repay your kindness as soon as I am able to. 
[REQUEST] Clintonville, WI, Just got home and fridge died today.
Just got home with family 3 kids and fiance. Fridge is dead food spoiled and dont have money on us. Please suprise us. Only have pizza hut in little town. Thanks
[REQUEST]Could use a pizza to celebrate my boys' first day of school
My two boys entered first grade and pre-K today and I'd like to get them a special dinner tonight but my wife and I are broke. Anyone willing to save them from Mac &amp; Cheese?
[Request] Family of five, unemployed, cash reserves low...Oswego, NY
Well I recently was retired from the Marine Corps for medical reasons.  I am having a really difficult time finding work and my bank account is danger low.  That's when I remembered about the awesome people here.  If you can help it would be greatly appreciated!
[Request] Melbourne Australia. Was ripped off by my employer, and anything other than rice would be greatly appreciated!  :)
I've been working door to door installing those TV energy saver things, and we get paid per unit as a sub contractor. My boss just decided that he isn't going to pay me. I'm owed about $1500, and there are 2 others in the same boat.

The last of my money I spent on rice and potatoes. It's hard to believe, but I have literally not spent any money in 3 weeks! I'm waiting on my tax return, and that day can't come soon enough. If you have any questions, I have some pretty hilarious stories about going door to door in rural Victoria, the job itself was pretty awesome. 

Oh, and cheers to Vodafone who gave me free phone credit so I could get my tax submitted. Very cool of them. If you're kind enough to donate a pizza, I'd be very grateful and would obviously pay it forward. :)
[request] San Francisco CA, stuck at work on 12hr shift. Brokish, Lonely and Hungry
~~So here is the deal, Im stuck at work on a 12hr shift over night in a completely empty 12 story high rise. I dont have enough cash to order pizza ($6) and nothing close enough that i can afford(even if i did sneak away i.e. McD/Jacnk in the box/taco bell). Can pay it forward in the future~~

No longer needed thanks /u/Full-Flavor
(Request) Denver, CO - Unemployed, struggling guy trying to get a warm meal
So I've fallen on some really hard times, and I've never done something like this, but after reading through some of the posts on here, I was taken aback at the kindness of the community, so I figured I'd give it a whirl.

I'm a 24 year old guy, living with two roommates that I absolutely loathe, unemployed for the past 5 months, busting my back looking for a job, and reaching the end of both my money and sanity.

I've been "borrowing" food from my roommates for a couple weeks now, but I hate having to go to them for anything, so I've been relegated to ramen and pickles.  If you've never tried them together, do yourself a favor and DON'T.

So, if someone had the urge and would be willing to help me out, if even for a day, I would be incredibly grateful and appreciative.

Thanks everyone
[Request] Atlanta, GA USA- Dad just lost his job and got no severance pay, thought a pizza would make him feel better
-A weird power struggle at my fathers work ousted him of his position and severance pay.

-We both spent most of our remaining funds on a car we can share because he will no longer have a company car to drive.

-Pizza sounds great right now but we're both too broke for one. 

-Any words/thoughts/pizzas greatly appreciated
[REQUEST] I am a college student working at Disney World.
I spend my days making magic for little kids at DisneyQuest. Between car payments and housing, I'm at about 48cents in my back account right now. I'm hungry and just got home from a nice 10-hour shift and I was hoping someone out there would be willing to feed me. I'll return the favor or pay it forward anyway I possibly can. Any redditor in the Orlando area wanna get into Disney for free? I'll hook you up. :]

[My Disney name tag](http://hphotos-sjc1.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc6/264710_1626693143620_1125270824_31873134_8125879_n.jpg)

[I get to wear a cool costume too](http://a4.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/227890_1573589896072_1125270824_31806294_2054237_n.jpg)
**REQUEST** Starving College Students Trying to Graduate
My roommate and I are hopefully graduating next week on my birthday, currently doing an all-nighter but our grumbling tummys are interfering with our studying. Rent is due tomorrow so that means no funds :( However a pizza with pineapple tomato and canadian bacon from wise guys would most likely help us focus, and thus graduate. making our last four years worthwhile. 
[Request] Texas, broke and stressed
Please don't judge that my account is new, I know it is frowned upon. But I was referred to here by an old friend who had received help here before. 

Me and the room mate have been struggling on cut hours to make ends meet, but this week has been hell. My kitchen has become full of gnats, and despite all my cleaning and scrubbing of every corner they refuse to leave. Now, i know it can take a while for them to go away, but what's frustrating about it is that I put my last bit of spending money into trying to get rid of these things. My girlfriend won't let me cook for her in fear of these things getting in the food.

Now, we get paid again in just a couple of days. And a pizza is all we need to get us there. I hate begging, I do. But once we get paid and I am able to spend again I promise to either pay back the person that helped me, or pay it forward. Anyone please?
[REQUEST] PLEASE HELP MY SINGLE DAD OF 3 NEIGHBOR!!
I have an awsome neighbor who's a single dad of 3 (under the age of 9) he lost his job 3 weeks ago.  I help him out when I can with food for the kids, but I'm a single mom myself, so I can't keep it up much longer. He's been eating Ramen noodles for the past 2 days, he's a great guy, going out there applying for jobs, unfortunately going through a rough time lately!! Please help lift his spirts! Thanks!!
[REQUEST] Two sick college students who are studying for finals. One verification inside, will post more upon request.
Hey guys, me and my friend Taylor are both in bed sick. I have a pretty shitty cold, and she has strep throat. We both have a plethora of finals to study for Our dining hall, not that we really want to eat there, starts serving food at 5 PM. We could really use a little bump. If you want any verification, let me know. I have a pile of used tissues right here if you want a picture of that. I would be willing to send gifts of drawings to anyone who sends a pizza. 

[Here](http://i.imgur.com/zSK5C3O.jpg) is my Civil Liberties whiteboard that I have been working with.
[REQUEST] Austin, TX
3 dudes, recently moved to Austin to chase the dream.  Making rent our first month has totally tapped the funds.  All have just started work and are trying our damndest to stick it out until the first round of pay checks.  Any help is much appreciated!  Thanks and be excellent to each other!
[Request] Work an overnight shift, only have $6 until payday. Some pizza would be nice. Grand Forks, ND
Don't really have money for food right now. I haven't eaten yet today. That's about it.
[Requesting] Worried Mother....
My son has recieved his meal, thanks veritas27!

My son is in dire need, I'm from Central California, a mother of 5, and cash is really tight here at home. My oldest child joined the Army in December of 09, he had just turned 19 then, however during his training at Ft. Benning he substained a back injury and was medically released from the service in Aug. 2010. It happen 2 weeks before his graduation he was on his last phase, I had bought my non refundable airline tickets a few days before that had happened. He came home and literally had to be on his back for 6 months, we didnt have the money nor insurance for him to get proper treatment, nor was there any offered to him by the Army, he toughed it out but he fell into deep depression.. by Feb. this year, he started training himself in shape, and began looking for any work, unfortunately nothing came up, that only lead to him feeling more depressed, having to see his dad work long hours at a very labor job to support all of us, he couldnt bare it and decided to take a chance in another state, hes in Portland, OR. right now, with his cousin, still trying to establish himself there, he's been there for about a month struggling, he just got a mailing address and now he can get an Oregon ID, right now he just haves his military ID, he doesnt except any cash from me, cause he says he rather it go to the babies (his little sisters 5 and 6) I worry about him eating constintly, instead i dried some cheap beef to jerky, and boxed some ramens to him. My son is struggling to get something started, I pray that something good will happen for him, and I think that something like this, would lift his spirits, that someone was thinking of him..
Request - I was laid off and i'm down to my last £7.
I moved to the UK from Virginia (DC Suburb) about 2 years ago and I worked at a Franchised owned Subway Restaurant and I was hospitalized while I was there. When I got out of the hospital, I found out that I no longer worked there. that was about 2 months ago. I have been struggling to find a job in the last 2 months and I just paid my rent and now I am now down to my last £7:

[Account Info](http://i.imgur.com/wJU3K.png)

Any help to eat something other then cheap tinned food would be greatly appreciated. Thank You.

Also, when I do get a job, I will give out 2 pizzas.
[Request] Broke and Girlfriend just left me
So, I wouldn't ever think to actually do something like this, and I don't post that often.  But I'm hungry and just about of money and getting very tired of ramen, beans and rice, and ham sandwhiches. The fact that my girl left me this morning makes me even more desperate. (She usually cooks my dinner) If there's anyone out there that could help a fellow redditor you could bring a lot of help to sad soul.

Thanks in advance to anyone kind enough.
Will post pics of the pizza and my happy face enjoying them :)
[REQUEST] Very sad and hungry student in NM, pizza would literally make my life.
I'm having a bad week, struggling with money and pizza could make it all go away...
I would be extremely thankful :)
[REQUEST] Ofallon MO- Electric turned off.. won't be back on until friday.
I am new to this my mother told me about it this morning when i came running to her house because i woke up and went to go make my two boys eggs and my burner wouldn't turn on so i have it set to where i can get it back on friday but until my friend comes and picks the boys up for me i can not cook anything for them so if someone could please help they dont get picked up until around six-ish.
[REQUEST] Bday in Norman,OK. 
I knew this subreddit existed, but hadn't thought about it lately. I was about to preheat the oven to cook my usual dinner..a dollar tree 1$ "Celeste" brand mini pizza and a dollar tree burrito. Thats totally fine, cant complain life is good...but I realized hell its my bday, Im an electrical engineering senior that busts his ass constantly and lives off nothing, no job, just fafsa  (thats long out by now), maybe someone will think I deserve a pizza. 


Proof of everything I have said above (plus you could just fb me to verify with all the info available from picture): removed


[Request] Car breakdown left me broke till next monday
Hi RAOP, my car brokedown over the weekend and it will be fixed tomorrow but I can't buy groceries till payday. Luckily thanksgiving is this week so the leftovers i can get from both sides of my family will hold me over until then so anything could help between tonight and turkey day. Its just me by myself so 2 pizzas max would do.
[Request] grad student in College Station, TX. would love a pizza
I've been stuck in the library all day working on a research proposal/paper/presentation. Finally home (library closed) and I have about 200-300 pages of research articles sitting in my lap and still a lot to do before tomorrow. Would love a pizza, not too picky.
[Request] Cat got sick and I spent the last of my money helping her :( Help a Redditor out?
My poor cat [Pandora](http://imgur.com/onbwp) fell ill a few days ago, so I took her to the vet. She's on Endro Floxacin (22.7 g) for the next week. It took the last of my cash ($100) to get her some help, and I still owe some but it's not due until February. I'm currently in school but will be working soon. My mom is sending me some cash in the mail but it won't get here for a few days. Any help would be nice :)
[REQUEST] I have the munchies after becoming inspired and need some pizza.

[REQUEST] Somerville, MA: pizza plz
Here's the dealio. Me, my girlfriend, and my housemate are really hungry for pizza (and love). There's nothing in the house but chili and it's really hot so chili is utterly unappealing. Who wants to help out 3 random college kids? Please and thanks. Much love.
[REQUEST]Pizza for a family of 3
My mom's been ill lately and we don't really have any food.. we have rice but that's about it, I get paid in about a week (just got my first job, i'm 18) but something to hold us over until then would be nice :) 
[REQUEST] Just got back from 2 week tour, no money, no pizza :(
Hello nice folks!  I just got back from a two week tour starting from Minnesota.  We hit up like 11 states down south within that time period.  Needless to say, Im flat broke and pretty hungry!  Also, there was a complete lack of pizza during the tour, which is absolutely insane.  Thats what being in a band with vegans gets ya!  Now I crave it, and I have no moneys to spend.  
[Request] MD,USA. Struggling with money this week, no groceries, no extra cash, help??
My job cut my hours and I'm living off ramen and peanut butter. Riding my bike looking for a new job the last two day's has got me pretty tired. If some one can help me out, it would make me extremely happy. 
{request} just need some help
recently i lost my job and my apartment and because i moved to another state i cannot collect unemployment the person i was supposed to move in with backed out after i got here and now i'm stuck in the walmart parking lot with a popped front passenger tire without any money or food i haven't eaten in several days and i have nobody who i can call for help. recently i saw this site by chance and decided that it can't hurt to try. all i need is a little help thank you and god bless
Request: 20 something with absentee parents wants to emotionally pour into a pie.
Family is losing their house due to foreclosure, was living with them and then they kicked me out because they had "too much to worry about without worrying about you." Staying with friend in the meantime, but there is no food anywhere in sight. Hungry and could really use a pizza to cry into/over indulge with. 
[Request] Two broke college girls that want pizza
With my roommate and we're both broke until Monday but would appreciate pizza! Including verification in comments...anything would be appreciated - hoping to have enough for tonight and tomorrow &lt;3 :)

Edit: Forgot to put in location! We're in Phoenix/Tempe area.
[Request][Ont-CAN]Having some friends over and want to be a good host
I'm having some friends over to my new place for a movie night and I have very little food to feed them with, and even less money to buy food/snacks. I love being a good host but it's been harder lately while I wait for work to pick up. Any help would be great thanks in advance!

I realize this isn't the most dire need of pizza. But it would be a great welcome to this community and I'd love to pay it forward in the future. I also got left in the dark with redditgifts on the last exchange so it'd be nice to have SOMETHING given to me.

EDIT: More begging
[REQUEST] Willis TX, Pizza
Here's the story I have a sick three year old and was up all night. I am tired, my house is a disaster, and I feel lazy. We live on a limited income so can't afford to spend extra on pizza especially with school starting next week and trying to get kids ready with supplies, clothes, fees, and all the crap. I would love a pizza. If anyone has it in their heart to help me out we have Papa Johns, Dominos, Pizza Hut, and Little Ceasers opened yesterday.
Requesting Pizza... Cibolo, TX 78108
Just closed on our new house, no food or money until the 1st.  =\  Shit sucks. Wife doesn't know I'm posting this or she would tell me not to.  Cheese or Pepperoni.  Message me for address/phone.  Thank you reddit and RAoP
[REQUEST] Working woman with an asshole roommate could use a pizza.
Not sure if this is the purpose of this reddit. Please excuse the new account, I saw this on the news, what an amazing idea!

I am currently living with a roommate who has just moved out of her mother's house, she has no job and her mother sends her utility and rent money. Her only responsibility is to send her mom the rent bill, and she sends half of that or pays half to the company. The problem is that this girl is SO lazy, can't be bothered to send the bills, can't be bothered to call her mom for rent and I'm under the impression she told her mom she already had a job (her mom has been chiding her for not having a job), so her mother does not feel obligated to pay this girl's bills. I have been carrying the weight of the major bills, such as electricity and rent (2x), and my paycheck is being stretched thin. To top it off, it's obvious to see where she gets her flaky attitude from...her mother REFUSES to answer my phone calls or emails. So here I am reddit, living with a girl who labels her food in the fridge so I don't touch it, and for the sake of keeping the peace...I am down to begging for a pizza X(.  I would prefer giftcards, because I would rather give out my email address than my physical address, but I will understand those who dont want to in case they believe I am a scammer.


My email address is: Jen.Beam.1984@gmail.com
[REQUEST] Withing the past 2 weeks, 2 of my friends have become jobless and homeless, so I'm letting them crash with me until they get back on their feet. Nothing left in the cupboards now but canned soup, Pizza would be fantastic. 
My life has gotten pretty crazy over the past 2 weeks. Two of my good friends are sleeping in my living room (one just got divorced and moved back here from another state, he does some under the table work but is running low on cash. The other has just had some bad luck in life and has had a few offers that look promising, so I'm letting him stay until one goes through.) My boyfriend just started working again after being out of work for a few months, but he doesn't get paid until tomorrow. Rent was due this week and all that's left in my cupboard is cheap canned soup. Pizza would really help the morale around here, and I'll pay it forward at the end if the month (I've got 2 weeks of over time coming up.)
[Request] Arizona USA Broke, and it ain't no joke.....
I just moved got a place with my friend! Excited but at the same time it doesn't leave much in the bank if you know what I mean. Its been the first of the month and we have budgeted well and used our resources sparingly. It is now almost near the end of our journey and we find our selves on the couch wondering how many cup of noodles have we eaten? Frankly, I can stick it out and so can my friend.... but it would be awesome to eat something that's not SOUP! :) me and my friend would appreciate anything
[REQUEST] I'm just a hungry kid in Akron, OH, willing to perform whatever random task the giver asks.  
I'm 17. and I live in Akron, OH with an angry father, my mother passed away 2 years ago and my siblings have all moved out.  

I don't have any money at the moment, which is why I'm here, and I don't have a camera, so I can't document the task I complete unless it involves something in particular that would somehow be accessible.  But I will give you my word that I will do the task, anything for a pizza!
[Request] Fort Wayne, IN. School has me strapped for cash, no dinner supplies, working late, and writing an essay. Need carbs to stay awake and productive.
Title says it. Just a college lad trying to work my way through.

[This is all the charisma I can offer while at work.](http://www.imgur.com/q0xmV.jpeg)
[REQUEST] Louisiana Student. I aced my Income Tax test today!
Hey RAoP, long time lurker, first time poster here. My bank account has $2.78 in it, and my car is on E. Meaning that I can't drive home this weekend to celebrate the Super Bowl with my family, and I'll be eating canned soup again tonight. I already had that for lunch and I would really love a pizza. My loans come in next Monday (they would have come in sooner but the Fin Aid office screwed something up). I'll gladly return the favor if you help me out tonight! Also, I just aced my Income Tax test that's I've been studying for all week, and last week I made a 98 on my managerial accounting test! :)
[Request] We just ate the last bag of lipton noodles and split a can of vienna sausages...
It's been a rough summer here. It may be cold in the D but it's pretty cold in Flint Town too. My roommate totaled his car, we were living five deep in here paying 100/person in rent and 3/5 roommates moved out this week.  We are both unemployed at the moment, I just got hired in somewhere but I won't get paid  for another two weeks.  We are kind of shitting bricks about what we are going to eat.  All of our money is going to utilities, and to pay rent.  If there is a kind redditor out there who could extend some sort of relief my roommate and I would be so incredibly grateful.  We just need a little bit of relief until we can get some food assistance.
[Request] Pizza to lift spirits
I'm intimidated to ask for food like this, but my husband works five days a week to support the two of us and our puppy. He always does a great job managing bills, including our puppy, gas, etc. We try to buy enough groceries to last us the two weeks before pay-day and in between he gives plasma for extra cash.

This week he received a vacation for all of the days he's gone in early or when it was his day off and we've been waiting for Thursday (he gives plasma Thurs/Sat) for a night to finally have money for some good food.

On his way home from the Biolife center a few minutes ago he called me and said he was stuck at a gas station because he tried using the Biolife card to get gas. The pump automatically charges a card $75 dollars, I believe, and then puts back whatever you didn't use. My husband pulled the pump out to use it, realized the car was too far back, and put the pump back to pull the car forward. Somehow by doing that something got cancelled and the money is being withheld. When he called the card company they said it could be up to 7 days before it goes back into the account. My husband had to call his boss and ask if he could use the business card for $3 in gas to get home that he'd pay back Monday.

It would be so amazing if someone would provide us that awesome Thursday night we had planned. The favor *will* be returned by Saturday when he gives plasma again! We've never done this so if you're willing to walk us through how to go about receiving and then giving back when able it would be greatly appreciated!

**Edit**: We're in Texas! :)
[Request] Brooklyn, NY. Stuck indoors dog-sitting the cutest little shits ever and i'm starving
I was going to take them out and get something to eat but its raining and my tummy is grumbling for some pizza. 
[REQUEST] Hungry and craving pizza in NY
Let me start off by saying that I've read some of the posts here a few times and have always wanted to give someone a pizza. 

I lost my job over 4 months ago, right before my wedding. We had an idea that it was going to happen so we saved up some money. Our savings and my wife's job have been enough to pay the bills for the last 4 months. But that money has run out. 

Last week I was lucky enough to find a part time job but I haven't started it yet. My wife and I have no money right now and have been eating hot dogs and ramen for the last week (seriously, 7 days). We could both really go for not-a-hot-dog for dinner.

Thanks for everything RAOP!

**EDIT** I Should say that I'm in Upstate NY.
[Request] A hot pizza after a terrible weekend.
Greetings, my generous redditors! I just got done with working three consecutive 12 hour shifts at Big Box retail store in IT for Tax Free Weekend. 

I'm now in my first day off after the ordeal but 'lo by account is not large enough to bring forth to me a delicious pizza to melt away the sorrows of the weekend until Friday! If anyone would like to help in this ordeal please let me know!

Located in Tennessee.
[Request] next check doesn't come until next wednesday &amp; i'm out of crackers
[Long Island, new york] If someone would pull through, that would be amazing. i'm pretty much out of food/money until next wednesday.[ i'm spending the night over at my cousins friday but i have nothing to eat today or tomorrow D: just some easter candy.. lol, there are plenty of people who are in worse shape than i am but i thought i would give this a shot. thanks for reading :D 


EDIT: also, i'll give you some cool TF2 stuff over steam, the only thing i have to offer :( i might have a 42 hour live card? I could mail you some xbox games like skyrim and stuff depending on your location :}
[Request] No money until payday, Accounts in the negative and I have run out of food :(
Hi everyone,

I have heard of this place and been here before, this is the first time I am posting. As of yesterday I am officially out of food and money. I've been living on Nutri-grain bars for the past month that I had managed to purchase from the store I work at (If they're expired, an employee can purchase them for 75% discount + the normal 10% employee discount, so I jumped on em) however now I am completely out. 

I will get paid this Friday, but that paycheck will almost entirely go to bills minus the amount of money I need to feed myself. I'm not going to exaggerated and claim that my situation is dire (it IS Thursday and I only have to hold out until tomorrow) because there probably is someone out there who needs it more than I do. However, if there is a kind stranger out there who has the means and decides to reward me, I would be so much in their debt.

Happy Valentines Day Reddit, and thank you.
[Request] Newlyweds hoping to get a hot meal :) 
We cannot spend any money right now and just thought I'd give it a shot! It would mean a lot to us and we will record some of our epic dances moves in the form of a thank you video!
[REQUEST] Fear &amp; Pizzalessness in SoCal
I could really go for a ... anything besides ramen right now. I've been extremely frugal and thrifty lately due to budget constraints, and something with lots of carbs and cheese sounds absolutely succulent and delightful. Anybody care to grant mercy on this poor, pizzaless bastard? I promise to pay it forward! Also, I has a verification code.

Also willing to trade drawings (hand or MS paint) or simple/remote IT related tasks. Also has the Photoshop skills.
[Request] Been stuck inside for days mixing a record. Delirious and desperately wanting food other than bread and mustard. 
Also, broke as broke can be... with no car. Spent all my money trying to keep my studio alive; if this project doesn't work out, it's bye bye dream time, hello 9-5. Not exactly a sob story, but yea... When I have money I promise to re-pizza!
[request] Camden, SC USA - Broke until Thursday and terribly hungry
Hi amazing people! I've known of this subreddit's existence for awhile now, but have never participated. I guess now is the time, even though I'm on the other side of where I'd like to be. Currently, I'm very very hungry. I have no groceries in the house and unfortunately am going to have to wait until Thursday after 2pm (payday) to buy groceries again. I know that I could make a pizza last until then. If one of you guys could help me out, I'd be forever greatful! I'll even draw you a picture! I'm not an artist, but it's the thought that counts, right? I also pledge to return the favor sometime in the next three weeks! I have to give myself a little wiggle room because bills. Tons of bills. 

Edit: I can definitely provide proof of my empty fridge and bank account!
[Request] New in town and out of money 
Hey yalls, I just fuond out about this reddit. I just moved to a new city via train with everything I own on my back. I have a job but I don't get paid until Friday. I'm currently renting a room from a friend while I save for an apartment. Unfortunately I don't have any money to pay him in rent, he says it's okay but I still feel guilty. I would love to surprise him with a pizza for being so awesome since I can't afford to help him out with bills. Thanks Reddit, I'll promise to pay it forward when I get paid!

[Request] A guy from Consett (North East) UK Needs to cool off from a dangerous relationship crisis
Hi RAoP, I'm new to the sub,and today my girlfriend left me, telling me to kill myself and that I deserve to die, calling me fat and saying that I'm useless, so, since she is calling me fat, I might as well sit back, relax, and get fat. Help me RAoP, stress is killing me.
[request] Milton, Washington - I'm hungry.
Hi.  So, I'm broke, sadly, I don't have enough to order a pizza.  I'm also hungry.  I won't die if I don't eat, but it sure would be nice.  So far today I've eaten the last bowl of cereal and a bag of Ritz crackers.  

Thanks!
[Request] Going to watch breaking bad rerun in an hour. Really hungry.
Don't want to spend much on takeout so I'm starving myself. Would really love the help

--- 
a broke college student
[Request] Broke college student suffering through the hottest day of the year
I am a  broke student at the University of Oregon sitting in my inferno of a house. It's 91 degrees today, which might not seem drastic to many, but it's the hottest day since I have been at school and there is no way we have air conditioning, let alone more than one small fan. Pizza would be greatly appreciated, prevent myself from venturing into the humid warzone that is the outdoors.  
[request] Working on a final project, and would love some pizza. Moorhead, MN
Working on finishing my final projects in two classes. And I'm out of cash would love some late night pizza.
[REQUEST] Joining the U.S. Marines and having difficulty making ends meet till I go to basic.
So here is my story. I am 21 years of age and have studied music at the University of Arkansas for 2 and a half years. Last sememster I Decided to change majors and it cost me so much in scholarships that I cannot afford school Anylonger. I figured I would work for a semester, maybe a year, then go back to school and keep moving forward. Well I work at a video game store and I love it. The one problem is that I am having to PAyfor things that I usually didn't have to before. So while struggling I decided to consider the military. I did a lot of research and am now deciding between the Marines and the Army. I want to join the Marines but I am keeping my options open until I get as much info as I can. I am going to be moving back in with my parents next month in order to try to save some money but until then I have been living off of granola bars and the occasional ramen. I've had to sell my video games and musical instruments to pay rent and such and have to pay for gas in change most if the time. Anyways thank you for your time. 

TL;DR: struggling hungry dude moving in with parents in order to survive till joining the military.

P.S. this whole thing was typed on an iPhone so sorry for any errors.
[Request] WA Been a hard two months for me and my grandpa. Could really use a pizza
This last couple months have been hard for me and my grandpa, early in June my grandma passed away and although we've been managing to get by but it hasn't been easy. Other than when the occasional family member brings over some food we've mostly been living off ramen and sandwich meats until one of us can find a job. (Previously we stayed home because of my grandma and our funds came through her from the state)

Could really just use a pizza to boost morale for me and my grandpa.


[Request] Household of 4 grew by 2 tonight, pizza maybe? Eldridge, Ia
Hey RAoP, I feel bad even asking for this, but I've ran into a bit of a pinch. I recently lost my job, and my mother and brother-in-law had to come to stay with us until after the holidays due to losing their heat. Unfortunately we don't have the means to feed everyone. After going to get them because they have no car, we had to use what little money we had for gas. Thanks in advance! 
[Request] Very Grateful &amp; Hungry Australian
I'm in Australia (Sydney) and am v hungry! I've opened my own counselling/psychotherapy business which I'm so passionate about. I love helping people. This has meant that I've spent all my money. I'm sure it will all be worth it but in the meantime I'm scraping by on next to no money.

I've finally been on Reddit for a month which I think makes me eligible.  

I too would love to take part in offering pizza once I'm financially on my feet again. 

Thank you so much to who ever even considers feeding me!
Hard working single mom could really use a pizza for lunch. [Request]
Help a girl out? 1 medium cheese pizza to my work... Thank you and lots of love to whoever has a heart big enough to fulfill these requests.  
[Request] College Student struggling to get by please help.
I am a new college student and have been having a real hard time these first few weeks with financial aid and as a result i am not on a meal plan this year.  Because of this i have to buy all of my own food which is a problem because i have very little money to begin with.  Ive been having 1 ramen cup a day and thats all i have eaten in 4-5 days.  Im really hungry and a friend recommended this subreddit.  Please Help.
[request]Wife and daughter are hungry, shipping an item for eBAy broke the bank.
We both work but it's still paycheck to paycheck. I sold an item on ebay to get some extra cash but since it was an awkward item to ship(giant plush lady and the tramp dog), it jacked the shipping from $30 to $58, I had to pay the $28 out of pocket since I told the buyer it would be only $30. So that sapped our funds until we get paid tomorrow. Until then, we starve as we have nothing at the house to eat. Not trying to give a sob story, just being honest.

But hey if we got a pizza, maybe the wife would stop bragging about pinterest :-)
(REQUEST) New here, giving it a try
Hello everyone. I just heard about this site through one of my friends. I have been struggling with my finances as I am a newly single mom, I have a 10 month old daughter. My friend told me about this site, and said that she had received a pizza when she was in need, and that it really helped her. I figured I would give it a try. I know I just registered on Reddit, and that many people will see that as a bad thing, but i'll do anything to prove that i'm real.

My husband and I just got a divorce. My daughter and I moved into our own apartment, and I am trying to get back on my feet. I am in the midst of getting things in order with Job and Family Services, but until then i'm broke.

So, if anyone can help, that would be great! When I get back on my feet, I will surely pay it forward.
[REQUEST] Food or lights in Orange County, CA
I picked the lights.  I've had some unforeseen costs pop up and I have $20 to my name until next Friday.  There is a Pizza Hut and a Dominos close to me.  If anyone could help I'm starving and I'll pay it forward in a week.  Thanks ^__^
[REQUEST] looking to suprize my family back home and I need advice (NE Arkansas)
I am a deployed soldier in Afghanistan and I am wanting to suprize my wife with a Pizza or something cool. I only have a few problems:

* Wife is visiting kinfolk in Harrisburg, AR which is a town of maybe 2000 with 1-2 mom and pop pizza places that may or may not be open today or tomorrow. one of these is [Checkers Pizza](http://maps.google.com/maps/place?rls=com.microsoft:en-us&amp;oe=UTF-8&amp;startIndex=&amp;startPage=1&amp;um=1&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;q=pizza+in+harrisburg,+arkansas&amp;fb=1&amp;gl=us&amp;hq=pizza&amp;hnear=0x87d437d6283197f9:0xa55b439652fb393a,Harrisburg,+AR&amp;cid=17044012131257561687)

* The only place with Chain Restaurants is 11-15 miles away in Jonesboro, AR and I am pretty sure they do not deliver. 

Anyone got any advice as to how I can hook them up. Just trying to find a unique way of telling my wife and kids I love them and miss them.
[REQUEST] UK. Student wanting a pizza to hold me over until loans 

[Request] I just want a free pizza
No sob stories, no bullshit, nothing. I just want a free pizza.

I'm in Northville, MI
request
Hi we are a family of five its just me and four girls. I work at a daycare living paycheck to paycheck. So we hardly ever get to afford pizza. I have good kids and i feel that they deserve to get a chance to taste fresh pizza. thank you for your time and consideration
[Request] Just hit the point of desperate
Before I tell my story this is a throw away account, I don't want my friends to find out just how bad my family has it right now..

With that out of the way, I just want the chance for my family to eat something decent for a change.  Right now our house is going up for short sale, and we have to move out.  My parents couldn't afford the mortgage anymore, and Bank of America was completely unwilling to work with us in some kind of payment plan; so we're forced to sell and move.  If that wasn't bad enough, I just graduated college and can't get a job (been trying for months, every day; hours on end). 

My step dad was in the hospital for a routine procedure and ended up contracting Sepsis.  So every six hours he has to attach an IV with ampicillin (some of the strongest anti-biotics you can take) so he's unable to work.  While he was in the hospital for almost three weeks, I was taking care of my siblings, making them dinner (which consists of 4-5 chicken nuggets every day..).

This is becoming quite long and I don't want to write a novel, but I'm really truly desperate right now for something to eat (besides nuggets).  I appreciate your time, reddit.

&lt;3
[Request] (US) 9 months pregnant and really, really craving some pizza! Picture included. 
I'm 9 months pregnant, very tired, and very uncomfortable.  I'm craving a pizza really badly tonight, but am broke at the moment.  If anyone's feeling generous tonight I would appreciate it so much!  Thanks!
http://i.imgur.com/E8mad.jpg
Question regarding requests from UK
Hello,

Before I ask my question I want to make it clear I am in no way accusing anyone of anything and I am in no position to buy anyone pizza in fact I am probably more in need of a pizza haha...

Anyway, I've noticed that most if not all requests from the UK seem to go unanswered, why is this? Is it not possible to buy pizza for someone in the UK from America? Or would people rather look after their own country men before others...

I'd really love to find a way to help my UK bros get some pizza. Any suggestions? Thank you.

Edit: I would love to get involved with any ideas people have.
[Request] North Carolina, would love a Pi today.  I'm broke until tomorrow looking for a pizza to celebrate the holiday! Happy Pi Day RAOP! 
Will pay it forward and provide pictures of said delicious Pi(zza). Everyone enjoy the holiday
[Request] I'm broke, sick with a terrible cold, and hungry. A pizza would make m year!
I've had to miss work the last two days, and I can't afford to eat on my $3.47 that's in my bank account. I'm not starving, per se, but a pie would be awesome. 
[request] Broke and would like a pizza. I can fulfill a graphic design request in exchange
Ran out of food money between pay days. I can do photoshop or adobe illustrator requests. Thanks!
[Request]What has two thumbs and is starving? (Florida)
THIS GUY!! I was gonna do a weird punchline involving some kind of cuddly animal, but then I realized most animals don't have thumbs...or do they...? Anyways I'm going to be honest here, I really am hungry; totally famished, and I've been listening to my stomach growl since I've woken up. Basically I'm waiting for school to start so I can receive my financial aid in order to purchase books and more importantly FOOD. Unfortunately that isn't for another 2 weeks....which has kind of left me in a desperate situation. Hence the RAOP request. For those wary gifters out there I know...this is a new account and thus this request will probably be treated as a scam but I assure you that I am indeed a real live hungry college student. Starving, some might say, stupid as well for hoping $150 could buy me a months worth of food, but alas, a man can dream. Anyways, a pizza or a gift card would really go a long way; a gift card more so because I would stave off hunger as long as possible, but any food right now would be fantastic and I would really appreciate the help. Well, thanks for reading.
[Request] Would really like to eat something other than ramen for a change.
Hey guys I've been without stable income for a couple months now and have eaten nothing but ramen for 2 weeks. Any money I end up scraping together goes to my rent so I'm not couch surfing. I was just wondering if anyone would be able to help me out here. Ramen is ok but it makes me want to hurl after a while. Here is my bank account http://imgur.com/WW08gM5  I don't know if ill be able to provide anyone with any in the near future but if someone could help me out that would be great and if not that is fine to. Thank you for your time.
[REQUEST] Order You a Pizza for Great Good! Support the Chicago teachers by sending them pizza during their strike.
From this site: http://ctscampaign.weebly.com/strike-support.html

&gt; Primo's Pizza, a locally owned and teacher-friendly restaurant near the strike HQ delivering pizza, pasta and salads. Call Gus or Daisy at Primos Pizza at  (312) 243-1052 .  Primos is at 816 W Van Buren Street, Chicago. Open 11 am to 9 pm Monday through Friday.

My sister is a Chicago teacher, and she says they'll begin picketing, tomorrow, so sending deliveries to schools in striking districts will likely reach appreciative mouths, as well.

Anyway, I hope we can show at least a few teachers some love from all over.
[request] georgia, usa; haven't eaten since last night and have no money until wednesday
i got in a car accident yesterday and had to spend the last of my money just trying to get home. i don't get paid until wednesday, and i tried to get a cash advance from work, but my boss denied me. i have absolutely no food left in my house, and when i called both my parents to ask for help, my mom just laughed and said to "figure it out yourself" and my dad had nothing to send me (he lives in oregon.) i feel bad asking for something like this, but...i'm out of options. i haven't eaten since last night and i just don't know what to do anymore...
Request - pizza for my little brother and sister
Im at home with my siblings while my moms working midnights. My dads overseas and they miss him a lot. I just wanna surprise them with pizza and a game to at least get their minds off him tonight and put a little smile on their faces. but I don't have money for the pizza. :( Anything would help. 
[Request] Ohio USA Could really use a cure for my not wanting to eat.
I've been having a stressed out anxiety ridden week. I've had issues with my eating but not bad enough to be considered anorexic. So I've been eating sporadically. Sleeping not so well either. 

I tend to use weed to help me actually want to eat. Well it's not really been working. Been smoking since yesterday and haven't gotten the desire to eat. 

That is until I started thinking about pizza. I think I was even just reading the word pizza. I instantly started fantasizing about pizza. Then hit my brick wall when I remembered I have no money due to 4/20.

I know I need to eat, but I just can't see me putting in the effort to make something I'll actually eat.



[Request] Portland, Oregon dude out of food, cash, and kinda hungry for Za!
Hi, I lost my job last month. Currently out of food, cash and would love a pizza to grind on if anyone is up to helping a dude out. Thanks!
[REQUEST] Portland, could anyone help a guy out with some pizza?
Long story short, been looking for a job to no avail - bills are adding up, and I've got very little money for food this month. Also - food stamps have not been gotten yet, went today to the DHS but don't have an appointment for another 2 days. 

If anyone could help out I'd really appreciate it, I can make a drawing or write you a poem, lend you a book, anything!


[REQUEST] - Someone should send Anderson Cooper 
and his staff some free pizza.  
Not like a ton as an asinine prank, but a couple pizzas for serious as an olive branch of sorts.  I would but i'm broke.

*
[Request] 26 , male , UK. Get paid in 7 days , have a little food for next week, hoping for a square meal that is not rice cakes this evening.

(Request) Los Angeles, CA. A pizza to help me pull an all nighter, I'm a senior! 
No sob stories, just college apps kicking my ass. Procrastination is my best friend, we have a lot of fun then I remember all the stuff (COLLEGE APPS) I SHOULD have been doing. So, now that I'm pulling an all nighter a snack, preferably a pizza would be sick! :] IN CA. 
(REQUEST) I'd like to have the experience of having a pizza randomly show up at my house.
I'm going to be home the next day and a half. It'd make my weekend if someone had a pizza delivered to me at some random moment. I live around Albany, NY.

Given one, willing to pay forward.
Request: I have $1.44 in my bank account and have been eating ramen and rice for the past week.  Central VA
The title pretty much says it all.  I'm dirt poor at this point, trying to find any sort of job, be it part time or just a day laborer, I'll do anything just to have a couple bucks to rub together.

I'm starving, depressed, and love the Reddit community, so if anyone has it in their heart today to help out a beaten down man, I'd be ever grateful.

Thanks
[Request] MO USA Want something to eat besides rice and noodles
Didn't want to use my normal reddit username, as I have friends and family I'd rather not have see me in such a way, hope that's ok.
[Request] New University student relying on £3.50 for 4 days until my student finance goes in. Thats if it goes in on time.
Anyone that has gone through them knows that student finance in the UK is TERRIBLE. I have just moved in and I have 3.50 to my name unil mid next week. Im gonna do my best to get hold of my parents but they are at a music festival called alchemy until monday/tuesday so its gonna be hard. 

Location area is nottingham, uk. 
[Request] Utah US. Girlfriend gets home from work soon and would like to surprise her with pizza
I just thought it would be a nice idea, definitely will pay it forward on payday.

Edit: I've never done this before so I apologize if I messed up somehow.
[request] Just finished six weeks of rehearsal. Would very much like pizza...
Just finished a run of "The Music Man" in Monrovia, CA. Pizza appreciated.
[Request] NO words can describe the feeling we're experiencing.
 My sister and I haven't had a decent meal for the past 2 weeks due to our sick parents who lives in the Philippines. We've been sending them money to get the medicine they need. However, we're in a very desperate time in our lives and we really need a decent meal. 

Btw : We live in CT.

We are willing to pay it forward as soon as we get a chance.
[REQUEST] Son's turning 8 today! {KY.US}
Hey everyone! Today is my now 8 year old son Logans b-day and we kinda strapped for cash so i was wondering if anyone could bless him with just 1 pizza for tonight. I hate to ask but it'd really make his day, he loves pizza more then anything lol. Thank you all so much :)
[Request] Will draw for food.
Regardless of the subject, regardless of whether you care to compensate me with delicious pizza, this sort of thing is great to keep my drawing chops up. I prefer Domino's gift cards if you are pleased with my work and wish to feed me.

Edit: [0_0](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8T2l15bKMZk) Remember, I'll draw for you, even with pizza-y goodness. 
{REQUEST} FALLS CHURCH, VA FAMILY OF 3
Spent all of our money for food on rent. Only one of us is working and we have a lil one to feed too. First timers, please help if you can, GOD bless.
[request] lost my job, broke, only have rice and food for the dog.
My car broke down and so I lost my job. The car was required for the job. My ex-employer is fighting my unemployment claim. It seems like they want to punish me for leaving them at a busy time so no help there.  I  My dog and I will have to move into my friend's shed at the end of the month. my dog is like my child and my last dollar went to feeding him. I'm very depressed. I spend 70-80 hours a week looking for work to no avail since I have no car any more. It would be angelic if someone could lift my spirits with a pizza.  I have verification if I'm fortunate enough to get a little help. Thank you and I hope everyone has a great day.- Jason
[Request] Broke post-grad between paychecks, struggling to make ends meet. Can't really afford groceries this week, so I haven't been eating much. Would very much love a delicious pizza to brighten my day and fill my belly. (Cambridge, MA)
Hey RaoP, first time posting here, but I've seen this and other "Random Acts of ..." threads before. As the title says, I'm a down-on-his-luck post-graduate living paycheck-to-paycheck, and these past few days have been hard on me. I can't really afford groceries until my next paycheck, walk seven miles a day to/from work (cumulative, not each way), can't afford lunch so I don't break for it, and I would really just love to sit down after a long day and stuff my face with some hot, cheesy, saucy goodness (also, I'd get to have the leftovers for lunch!). Anyway, if a kind redditor can help out I would greatly appreciate it, and if not, that's perfectly fine too. 
[REQUEST] No food in the pantry, $0.02 in the bank (tomorrow is pay day), and I might be losing my job.
I spent all of my food money to pay the last of my hospital bills from a surgery I had several months ago (my colon was removed). Pay day is tomorrow, but I have nothing to eat tonight.

I was also threatened with losing my job today because I pointed out several labor law violations at work this morning, and a pizza would sure help me out/cheer me up.

Edit: I live in Berkeley, CA btw.
[Request] Student studying for the GRE
I am taking the GRE this week, so in the midst of midterms I am also studying for this test that will determine the next several years of my life, and ultimately, my career. I don't really have the time or money to deal with food at the  moment. I'm also a small girl, and a pizza will last me several days. Thanks for reading.

Edit: Forgot location... Idaho!
[Request]Two guys who own a bride of 7 cats , and broke because we spend too much money on their food and wanting a yummy pizza.

[REQUEST]Alberta canada Me and the kids could sure use a pizza for lunch.
Going through a pretty rough time right now, (check out my post history if you would like its a long story). And my 3 year old has been asking for pizza for about a week now. If someone could help him out I would be really grateful. Any pizza place would be great we aren't picky.
[Request] I need something which cheer me up in my start in this weekend (germany)
I just got an crash with my new car. 

my job is not working so good as it should and my date got cancelled..

so its a very sad friday..

if there is anybody who wanna cheer me up with some good food.

Thank you pictures for sure..
i would appreciate much



Greetings from Frankfurt am Main / Hessen/ Germany
[request] Pelzer,SC No AC and don't want to turn on the oven.
My boyfriend had to go to the ER a few days ago and I got behind on laundry so I'm already going to have to turn on the dryer and heat the house up more. We have a portable AC in one room but it's working hard today and I'm still rather miserable. I also had my first encounter with morning sickness this morning and I hate touching/looking/smelling raw meat lately so a nice pizza that I dont have to turn the oven on for sounds so great right now. Thanks for reading/considering!
[Request] Just a humble request/story, a million thanks just for reading.
Hey RAoP. I've been pretty down lately, some dark thoughts been going through my head, I think a big part of that is my uncle (whom I live with) is suspected of having Bladder Cancer. I can't describe to you or put into context how unfortunate this is for our family, I mean cancer is usually horrible but on top of the hardship our family is facing this is absolutely devastating. My uncle, my mother, and me are supported by my grandmother. We all live in the same fairly small house, I'm the only one who has a (low wage retail) job and I'm working there and going to school so that soon I can get out of here alive, things are so stressful here. I usually wake up to people arguing and yelling at each other, my car needs a new transmission, I need tons of dental work, I really don't feel like going on a lot of the time but I stay positive and just try to reflect on the fact that I am working and making good grades.

So, I hope that didn't bore you, I didn't get too detailed. As for a pizza, if someone feels like getting me one that would be cool as I am broke until Friday, and we don't have much food here, also we have roaches so a lot of the food is contaminated. Ugh. A pepperoni + bell pepper pie from someone would really give me a little hope.

Thanks for reading...
[Request] Broke and unemployed in Nevada. Hungry as hell and craving a Stuffed Crust from Pizza Hut.
As the title mentions. I'm broke and unemployed, haven't been able to find a job for about 4 months now due to my location in a small rural Nevada town. Jobs are scarce right now. I've been drooling over the selection on Pizza Hut for about an hour now. Stuffed Crust pizzas from Pizza Hut have always been my favorite. Anyone out there who could help me out? One small catch: I don't have a car so it would have to be delivered.
[Request] I'll trade you one improv'd song for one delicious pizza
I just woke up from a pretty good night at the bar and pizza sounds delicious.
I'm a singer/songwriter as a hobby and I'll trade you one acoustic song about the topic of your choice (I'll improv it), recorded as an MP3, for a pizza.

I'm in the Portland, OR area.
(REQUEST)Hungry And Broke
I am broke untill thursday and I have nothing to eat. I just finished my last can of beans and I am on the computer at the library typing this. A pizza would really help me out.
Thanks,
Michael
[REQUEST] Really hungry &amp; broke in Seattle!
I've been incredibly broke the last couple of weeks, even had to bounce a $25 check last week to get some food. I've been without food for the last two days and I get paid Friday (finally!). Ugh. Please help me out!

My fridge! http://i.imgur.com/bL8RO.jpg, http://i.imgur.com/QrGgL.jpg
[Request] Nineveh, IN - Girlfriend and I could really use some food.
Basically, my pregnant girlfriend and I have been getting screwed over by a friend that owes us money. He was supposed to pay us the day after last pay day, but didn't.
    

For the last week we've been stuck splitting a 6" Subway sub every day (She gets a free 6" for working there).
A pizza would be very much so appreciated, by me, and I'm sure it'd make a craving packed soon to be mommy very happy as well.

    
Regardless of if anyone helps us out or not, I'll be sending a pizza someone's way when I get paid. 


Thanks for reading guys.  -Shane
[Request] Seattle, WA - Some New Years cheer?
*
[Request](North Carolina) Hungover and studying all day for some upcoming exams. Some pizza would go a long way
Title pretty much says it all. No sob story, would simply love a pizza to help me through today!
[Request] Sunday Stillness, fill with goodness[Location] Orlando,FL
It's a dreary Sunday here, my mom and dad are off from work today however there's absolutely nothing to eat. We're strapped for cash until the next couple of days when they get a portion of their tax returns. I'd like to surprise them with some cheesy goodness that is pizza! If anyone could help with a pie that would be wonderful!
[Request] Adelaide, Australia. Moving out for the first time and would love some celebratory pizza.
Asking in advance, I'm moving out next wednesday and it would be awesome if the first meal me and my other half get to eat together in the unit was a delicious pizza. We won't be able to afford much good food for a while because we've had to buy a lot of furniture and stuff and we're gonna be a bit short on cash. If anyone was willing to do this that would be amazing.
[Request] Outside Philly, this one's been a shit-storm.
First time trying this out. Here goes nothing.

Did my taxes today, and I owe over 2k for last year.

I already work 2 jobs, 70+ hours a week, with student loan bills near 1k a month. No way I could work much more than I do now. Just had to inform my two great friends/roommates that I need to move out of our house and back to my parents' house to save the money up in time. The move would change my 10 minute commute to near an hour, and push me further from my girlfriend.


Shit, could I use a pizza right now.
As a cyclist, all this rain in CO has me stuck in the house, would love some zza to lift the spirits[REQUEST]
I got a good 40 miles in during the 4-5 hours of sunshine on Friday, but the steady on/off of rain around the state has kept me out of the saddle the rest of the week. I haven't had a delivery pizza in over a month after getting serious about my diet, but I've been drooling thinking about crispy pepperonis and stringy cheese lately. I could use a cheat day, would anybody like to help quell these cravings? 
[Request] Oregonian Student wishing to spice up dinner tonight
About a week left before finals, gonna be up all night editing a paper for tomorrow morning and going into the kitchen just makes me sad. I get my school money in April and I promise to pay pizza forward as soon as I can. 
[Request] Will paint my walls any one color you choose Princeton KY
I've been wanting to choose a different color for my room. I don't think anything like this has been done here before (long term lurker) so hopefully I get some points for at least being original. Yes this is a request and yes I will paint my walls any one color that my generous offer-er requests. I'm **not** starving, trying to feed 10 people, telling a made up sob story, or crying over having ugly walls. Still with me? Ok. Lets have some fun with this!

I have linked some pictures below, so that you see what you have to work with. The walls are an off white/egg color (bleh). Have you ever gone to someone's house and thought "Wow, why did they pick this stupid color?" I am regretting my decision of selecting this color. Just placing one finger on the wall and that one spot is now 10x darker than the rest of the wall. Maybe I just have dirty fingers? :D

I hope I can satisfy someones curiosity or desire in just wanting to have some control or a say over someone else's living space. I'm not a good designer by any means. I still think a milk crate and a towel make a perfect chair. No wonder I'm single. 

Anyway, I want to thank you for reading my very long post. I hope you enjoy your Saturday and won't spend the day watching paint dry. Please pick a good color. Any color other than white/egg shell. Please and thank you :)

[Pics of my room](http://imgur.com/a/qRQa7).

*
Request having a very hard time in chattanooga,tn
hi my name is Jessica im 21 curreny living with my mom who is unemployed. I work 20 hours a week at a minimum wage job trying to support us both. I was wondering if I could possibly please have a pizza to just try and forget about all the drama with money and enjoy a nice meal with my mom. I can do the verification system if needed! Its not a dire need just a want. Please it would mean Alot to us
O[REQUEST] Unemployment ran out, would love a pizza
My unemployment benefits have been exhausted and my interview for food stamps isn't until Tuesday. The only food I have at home is bread and peanut butter that I've been eating all week..I would love a pizza.. I will provide anyone willing with verification of who I am and even screenshots and pictures. I would greatly appreciate any help and thank you in advance! 
[Request] from northern california -- broke ass-college student
Broke ass-college student here; got paid 10 days ago and all of my paycheck went to rent and bills. I've got no groceries in the house and all my roommates are back home for the summer. No gas in the car and the bike's out of commission :(. If any kind redditor could hook me up I'd be able to eat for two days :D

google maps link to domino's in my area
http://maps.google.com/maps/place?cid=10239146004443176581&amp;q=domino's+pizza,+chico,+ca&amp;hl=en&amp;sll=39.722827,-121.848776&amp;sspn=0.012468,0.024856&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;ll=39.733066,-121.864429&amp;spn=0,0&amp;z=15


EDIT: oh, and of course: I'll be pizzaing it forward when my paycheck comes next month. this is a ridiculously cool subreddit.
[potential request] pizza for an Aussie 
Hey RAoP

This is a throwaway account but I'd be happy to PM you from my real account as verification. I've given before and never received.

First up I'd like to say that pizza is NOT necessary and we won't starve without it. Not even a bit. We've got some leftovers in the freezer and a bunch of odds and ends in the cupboards and even a bunch of friends who'd take us out to dinner or have us over if we asked (but we'd feel bad asking because we're old enough to be meant to be beyond this!). So, absolutely no worries if no-one can give. 

I'm asking because a bunch of unexpected grown up expenses just ambushed us. My boyfriend's grandfather died unexpectedly and we wanted to go to the funeral - but it was 5 hours away and we didn't have a car. So we bought a cheap car and made it to the funeral, but it turns out that car ownership is super expensive. Rego is nearly $1000! Add insurance, NRMA membership (needed cos we weren't sure whether our little bomb of a car would make the drive and we didnt want to be stranded in the australian outback forever), random fees for vehicle inspections and more random fees just for existing add up to be the value of the car again! What. The. Hell. (yes, I *have* lived a sheltered life, thank you for asking.)

Add that to the billion and one other things we're saving up for/need to pay (rent, bills, house deposit, wedding, honeymoon maybe, helping our families) and it's come as a bit of a shock to our financial system :P
We literally have $0.67 in the bank and a bit of change in cash until pay day. This is an odd and disconcerting feeling. 

What would pizza mean to us? Laughter and joy. The pleasure of knowing that there are good people who care about strangers. A memory to carry with us both when things are hard and when things are good and we can give again. A small easing of financial stress for the next few days. 

I might also pull the request later because like I said - it's most definitely not a do or die type situation. And anyway, my credit card's taken such a pounding this week, what harm is pizza going to do? :P

But thanks for reading anyway, RAoP!

Also, please and thank you ;)
[REQUEST] Please help me out!
Ok, first of all, I just made this account, A really good friend of mine suggested that I might be able to find some help out today.  i'm 4 hours away from my wife and daughter, because of my job.  I don't get paid any kind of money until tomorrow.  I Would love to have a pizza, I'm in a place i don't know anyway, and i'm only here for work.  I work outside all day long, and i'm starving!  if someone could help me out, I will gladly return the favor when i get my paycheck.  i'm just tryin to get some help today. thanks so much!
[Request] First time here, would like some pizza. (Stevenson, washington)
cheese would be great.
[Request] My birthday is on saturday, turning 19 (legal drinking age where i am) coming home to some pizza would be a dream.
Living around Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Going out with my girlfriend, coming home to some pizza would be a dream. 
[Request] Miami, FL Hung over, lost money at a party, lost keys, can't do anything. Would love a pizza right meow.
Help me cope with my hangover and lack of funds and transportation for the day.
[Request]Landed a new job today, but we're currently broke. Help a small family celebrate?
My small family of myself, my wife, and our two kids are ecstatic today at having just landed a new job that has better pay, is a closer commute, and will finally have me working daytime hours so that I can spend more time with my family instead of *sleeping* while they're awake!

I'd love to get some pizza to celebrate with them, but our bank account currently says $0.42, which might afford me a pepperoni.  Anyone feeling like being a part of the celebration?
[Request] In Kansas City MO, no money til Friday and we just ate the last of our food.
My SO is the only one working right since I'm still looking for work. He has spent all of the money on bills and the hell hole apartment and now we are both sitting around trying to figure out what to do for food. We have tried to find people on Craigslist to buy our backwards compatible hacked PS3 but the only replies we got were from scams. In short, a pizza sounds so good right now and it sure can raise our hope and morale too. Please Reddit, a pizza pie for two hungry people? 

*
[Request] Just having a really bad week, would like some warm comfort food.
Hello, I've just really had a bad week.  To sum things up, I found out my wife cheated on me 9 days ago.  I've since moved, but my fridge is empty and I'm basically broke due to the move until the 17th.  If you want more details please just look at my post history, but I'd rather keep all of that out of this thread.
 
 
 
I really just want some warm pizza to eat while I watch a few movies with my dogs.  I know I'm posting this on a throwaway account, but I wanted to explain the situation and can't use my main account to protect my self and my (cheating) wife.
 
 
Thanks.
[REQUEST] Florida USA. Lost my job and I could really use a free pizza
This sub reddit is awesome
[Request] My boyfriend and I have $0 until Tuesday :(
I don't like asking people for things, but we're going through a rough couple of months, since my boyfriend is a software contract worker and had to take some time off before starting work again (tomorrow actually is his first day back at Microsoft! Hooray!) BUT, that means we're completely out of money until I get paid on Tuesday, and we would seriously love some pizza. 


I promise to pay it forward on Tuesday and buy someone else in need a pizza. I feel horrible for asking, but we don't really have any other options. We live in the Seattle area, if that helps. Thank you so much in advance.
[REQUEST] Student electricity bill just came through..
Hey, our flats electricity bill came through the other day, so we're all pretty skint and hungry right now. Can't think of anything we could give anyone really. We CAN, however, offer love and the promise of a future pizza to a further lost soul on the road to happiness. 

[Feel the love :)](http://imgur.com/rXdNg)

And we're in the uk!

Thanks!

[Request] California, USA Would like to bacon the Norwhal for pizza at midnight.
(or sooner. Lol) My husband and I (Newly married gay couple May 10th, 2012. (facebook.com/strit9boy). 

Would like to make a pizza our Third Wheel.
(request) Been up all night crying, screaming, and now starving. Jacksonville FL.
I'm not new to Reddit and I'm not from Jacksonville either. Sorry but I'm requesting incognito because I don't want anyone I know to find out about what's happening right now. There's a really messed up situation and I haven't even told my dad about this yet, so I don't want my friends or cousins finding out yet either because they can't keep their mouths shut.

I got a surprise yesterday when a guy I've never even met greets me in the hallway of my apartment building and tells me he wants me to leave my girlfriend of 2 years. My girlfriend then confronts us both and gives me the shock of my life, she's been cheating on me with this guy, and she's pregnant, but she's 90% certain neither of us is the father! She was cheating on me with this guy, and cheating on him with someone else. I've never raised a hand to a girl and never will, I was raised better than that, but I've never been more tempted in my life to haul back and deck someone!

After a two hour conversation with this dude I find out she hasn't been working for a whole year. He's been paying our electric and water since we moved into the apartment! She goes over to his house almost daily when she left me to head to work. Some days she leaves and neither of us could account for where she was. My girlfriend of 2 years is a lady of the night and has been milking 3 guys, me included and maybe more than just us, for everything we've got for years!

I'm at my bros house and he's been very tolerant of all this, real step up kind of guy to take me in because I've been living with this tramp for over a year now, I got no place else to go right now. I need something to eat because neither of us has any money and he's living off noodles right now. I'll happily pay it forward on the 8th when I get paid. But for today, I need something better than noodles or black beans and rice, and I think he would appreciate it too.

Sorry again for being a bit deceptive with my post. If I wasn't starving I wouldn't be spreading it around for that matter either. If anyone can help you have my gratitude. 

8:30 AM. Taking a trip out and about, will be back in a few hours to check the thread.

[REQUEST] So I'm really really hungry...
So today I've had the worst day ever basically. This morning me and my girlfriend got into a huge fight, and she left me for who knows how long. Not to mention I lost my job a week ago or so. I just ran out of trees (yes i am an ent) and the entire town is dry at the moment (I live in orlando). I'm also running really low on money, and don't have any income coming in any time soon, seeing as I just lost my job. On top of all of this, my two bestfriends have been total douchebags lately, and we were supposed to go get cici's pizza later today (it's only 5 bucks) but they both bailed on me. This has been the 5th time in the past few weeks that they've ditched me, for no reason at all. Anyways, if any of you redditors would be kind enough to send a guy a pizza now, I would really appreciate it
[request]In need in Orlando, FL
No big sob story.  Actually kept going back and forth to even post this.  Long story short, broke till payday, need some lunch.  Once I decided I will definitely pay it forward when I get paid, I figured what could it hurt.  Also seems to be a really fun concept to be a part of.  

In closing, thanks.  As stated, I will be back at the end of the week to pay it forward to others.   
[REQUEST] Nashville would like some pizza to go with AP exam review
For those who don't know, AP classes are high school classes that allow the opportunity for college credit at the end.

Tomorrow I have AP Calculus AB, Friday I have AP US History and AP European History, and next Wednesday I have AP English Language and Composition. 

I've been studying my ass off and craving some good (or crappy, I'm not really that picky) pizza, and it occurred to me that there's a subreddit just for this! 
[Request] Never did this before, seems super cool (CA, USA)
Came across this subreddit while "Random" surfing. I would absolutely love to get a pizza and post an offer tomorrow after 3pm when I cash my check. (Pacific time, USA)

You can even pick how I distribute tomorrow pizzas!
[Request] Providence RI
Good evening Redditors! My friend Francois and I are hanging out this evening and we just decided to try reddit. We were looking around and found RAOP and we thought what a good night it would be if our first reddit experience was joined by pizza! So we are asking for a kind soul to hook us up! We are also willing to do something for you, udk what but we could make you a funny video or send you pics of our cute dogs and cat, or I manage a band, we could give you a shoutout on our FB page! Thank you very much!
[REQUEST] Will eat pizza for pizza.
Tautological nom.
[REQUEST] Friend in need of food in WI, please help!
Hi, I have a friend who is in need of help. He lives in Eau Claire, WI, and has just gotten to work for a long night shift. At the moment, he is extremely strapped for cash and hasn't been able to afford much food this week and doesn't get paid till the next. As a college student myself, I unfortunately am not able to send some cash his way right now. If any redditors could please help him out, I'd greatly appreciate it. 
[REQUEST] Atlanta GA. Just paid rent, not feeling well, pizza would be lovely :)
Me and my boyfriend live paycheck to paycheck and we have about $40 to our name for the next two weeks :/ A pizza would make our week as well as a few meals! Hoping to get back on our feet next paycheck, and will absolutely pay it forward :)
[REQUEST] Craving a good, hot pizza in Ponce, PR
yeah...I'm really craving a good pizza. sadly, i have no money to afford one, and no job to make the money to buy one.. jobs are scarce here, and so is a good slice of delicious thin crust pizza. so RAOP? anyone willing to help me fulfill this serious craving?
[Request] Looking for a pick me up
Well to cut to the chase I am living with HCM (hypertrophic cardiomyapthy) and I have been having some trouble breathing lately.  Being uninsured, I go to the urgent care center and the doc tells me that I suffered a mild heart attack sometime last week.  It hit me kind of rough because I haven't had an episode in years and I've been really healthy. All my family is 8+ hours away and to be honest it feels good to just tell someone in general.  

Anything reassuring would really boost my spirits/confidence in the matter if only an 'it's going to be ok.'  Thanks in advance and once my spirits pick up, I promise to pay it forward.
[Request] After two trips to Convenient Care for some health problems I have run out of money for food. Happy to reciprocate on Friday.
I am a 22 year old man with a job that doesn't pay extremely well and does not offer insurance.  A full hospital visit is not an option for me financially, so my only options are walk in clinics.  I recently started feeling some severe abdominal pain and ended up going to the clinic two times before it was determined I had a blockage.  I am happy to be feeling much better, but that broke me and I have officially run out of money for food.  I would appreciate a pizza today more than you know.  I would be happy to buy someone in need a pizza this Friday once I get my paycheck.  Thank you 
[REQUEST] Portland, Or. Best friend got robbed and tomorrow (7/25) is her birthday
Girl has 2 kids, and over $800 was stolen off a debit card. no bueno. 

She's a vegitarian!
[Request] Davenport, Iowa. This is my first RAOP, low on money would really enjoy a pizza!
Hey, my roommate and I are running low on cash. He lost his job last week and I had to pay his month's rent, and I'm going to have to until he finds another job. If someone could help us out with a pizza that would be great!

Thanks!
[Request, Villa Hills, KY] Mom Taking a mental health vacation in florida, and its just me and my brother. I was wondering someone would buy us dinner?
My brother is 18 and im 15, My mom right now is in florida taking a little mental health vacation since shes a teacher, and her students are really huge cunts. I was wondering if one of you guys would buy us dinner, I think it would be a nice surprise for my brother too. Thanks!
[REQUEST MI]


time for giving but gave to much now im broke myself: I recently had bought toys to give away at toys for tots anad it comes down to it i spent over 100 dollars i had left anticipating of getting paid today and guess w hat happens, I go in and lose my job becuase of labor cuts. PLEASE help me feed my siblings tonight sincelry your dear redditor 
PS will send pic with pizza and siblings
[REQUEST] Broke and moving soon, need some pizza!
So I'm moving from the Chicago northwest suburbs to denver soon and am flat broke untill I sell my truck. I'd love some pizza to fill me up tonight!
(REQUEST) Please help a hungry mother and daughter with pizza tonight please
Hi everyone I am in Louisville ky and I have a wonderful 6 yr old daughter and we are down to almost nothing in are fridge and I dont get paid until tomorrow and I was wondering if anyone would please help us .So please if anyone could please help us out with dinner for tonight we would really appriciate it thanks..
[Request]About to move back in with my parents, could use a pizza - L.A.
I graduated in June from UCLA. I didn't have a job at the time but I had some money and I want to be a screenwriter so I need to live in L.A. So, I set out to find a job. Was not looking for a dream job, just something to pay the bills. Now, here I am three months later and, if a miracle doesn't happen in the next six days, I'm moving back in with my parents. 
[Request] in Canada.  I'm unemployed, my girlfriend is working two jobs, and it's our anniversary tomorrow!
I moved to Canada from the states to be with her and can't work until I get my residency approved.  She's working two jobs just so she can go back to school because she **hates** what she's doing right now.  

Tomorrow is our two year anniversary and I'd love to surprise her with some good pizza(and lava cakes!)
[Request] Morgantown, WV
hello friends..
it's Thursday, I'm far from home, I miss my family, and I could use a pizza..

&lt;3 I love this "random acts of pizza" 
how kind is that?

[Request] Pizza in Montreal for a hungry punk who ran out of Ramen
Recently moved to Montreal, start a new job Monday but until then I am absolutely broke.  Pizza would save my life.
[Request] London, UK. Just moved to the big city and am pretty much out of cash until I start my new job.
Just moved to London on my own, first time away from home. Have just finished my degree but don't start work until the beginning of October, so won't be paid until November! I have enough money to cover the bills and basic food, but would kill for a nice pizza tonight. Many thanks!
[Request] Student hunger in city of Brotherly Love
[EDIT] GREAT SUCCESS. Thanks @ Choppersb!

Hey all, I'm a student in graphic design who just finished his summer quarter and portfolio only to be left with no money for the next week. My philadelphian ass would kill for a pizza or even a slice of bread at this point. I get paid the first of the month, but with an empty fridge and cupboard, I'll end up eating my toenails in the mean time.

If you can help me out, I'll be sure to pass the kindness along come the first--Ill even keep a donate(r) in the loop so that they can see the chain reaction ;)

OMNOMNOM !
Request -Hungry college students
me and my best friend are stuck at her brothers house while they are on vacation. We are going to be up all night studying for our finals for our summer classes. A pizza would be a great treat. 
[Request] Only 19 year old who still gets groundes while his parents are out of town. Oakland, Ca
I stayed out way too late on a Monday because a friend got arrested and would rather deal with a few days at home than the shitstorm he'd deal with by telling them. Spending my time right and marathoning the wire anything would help.
[Request] Got fired today, never got paid. Broke as a joke, and super hungry. (Nashville)
It's just been a shitty month. Been broke since I had to drive down to my sister's funeral. Was fired because it took me week of being stuck in MS with car toubles before I got back. Had to give my cat away because i can't afford to keep him. His name was Clegg and he was pretty much my best friend. And my real life best friend is moving away tomorrow. I hate giving a sob story, but i'm just really really down and hungry. please help. Thank you reddit.
[Request]NH, USA] Down to last bit of food until the 1st. Could anybody spare a pizza.?
Used up all my food bank visits for the month and have next to nothing to eat for the remainder of the month. Would someone be kind enough to help a brother out.?
[REQUEST] Pizza for broke me and a friend, tried to buy it with bitcoins and barely didn't have enough
Thanks! It's friday night and we're hungry and watching Star Trek.

Edit: I'm verified
 Request: Military Dad
Currently home on leave for a few days with my kid, I'm currently in a money situation until the 1st. Trying to see if I could get a little help till then to put a smile on my daughters face. It will be greatly appreciated.
[Request] Spokane WA We're broke, I'm hormonal, husband is hungry... and I will reciprocate on Friday!
We're completely broke and craving pizza. I thought I was super smart and ordered Domino's gift cards on Walmart.com with my Paypal - they aren't going to be e-delivered until tomorrow! Payday is Friday, and we don't have any money for groceries until then... but I will reciprocate! I will also send a homemade candle if someone wants... if you're kind enough to feed hubs and I, let me know if you'd like one, and I'll let you know the scents that we have available. 

Thank you!
[REQUEST] paid rent late, no more money in my account, just lost my job. Will draw something, broke art student without a summer job!
I'm currently in debt of a rather severe nature, nothing in my kitchen except some Del Taco hot sauce and tortillas, and that's what I've been surviving off of. I have a pen and pad, "will art 4 pizza."

xposted from other RAOP.
[request] poor college students studying for finals for the next few nights in Lowell MA
studying for several hours for Environmental Geochemistry tonight
Invertebrate Zoology tomorrow night
and Geographic information systems Thursday night 

we are all poor college students (depending on the time between 3-6 of us) anything would be amazing. 

i brought Reddit joy once with this post http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/m659k/so_i_was_at_the_gym_and_i_was_thinking/ which made it to the front page, i would be awesome if we got pizza. 
[REQUEST] Missouri USA Just got off work and Hungry!
Well just got done workin, Dont get paid till Friday, Would LOVE something delicious tonight, I dont get paid till friday and would be glad to RAOP it Forward then! Not sure if it matters but Its just me in the household so wouldnt cost a whole lot :)

Edit**

A $10 dinner box from pizza hut would be amazing :) comes with everything, Pizza, Stix, and Desert!
[REQUEST]Help my family
hey im a 42 year old man and i never really ask for much and i never really try to. i grew up that way but lately times have just been well a little too stressful and i am really just not wanting to come off as a bad guy or a sad excuse for a man but my two boys they have been acting as if they dont like me as much i dont kno maybe its just cause they are teens but i just want to spend a little family time with them but i really cant spare any funds. i work everyday and still barely can keep a roof over our head but i try my damndest and i do alright. but i just need some family time with my wife and two boys. i just miss it is all. if you could help me out id really appretiate it. thank you all god bless
[Request] I don't know how this works but I'm hungry
To be completely honest, I just don't want to get out of my chair to go order myself a pizza. If anyone is feeling unreasonably philanthropic tonight, well that would be cool.
[Request]Berkeley, CA - Hungry weekend
(Sorry, I didn't put my location in before)

Well, I had some unexpected finance troubles (who doesn't! ) and I'm out of luck (and have been for a couple days) food-wise until I get paid on Monday.
Whether or not this works, I'll be back next week to do this for someone!
Thanks in advance for reading and enjoy your weekend everyone! :)
[Request] After buying a (very small) gift for Mother's day, I realised I have £5 in the bank and an empty fridge. Please send me dinner :)
I'm just a student with (apparently) terrible money management, but I have no monies or food :( A pizza would be much appreciated!
[Request] Hungry college student would love pizza for dinner
Hello fellow Redittors,

I'm a long time reddit lurker (started last summer with the keanu meme) with one favor to ask one kind redittor.

Last night I found out that the pasta box in the counter was empty so I ate my last sandwich and I don't have anything for tonight's dinner.

I would be extremely grateful if one of you generous redittors offered to help me with dinner tonight.

Any type of help is appreciated.
[Request] Boone, NC - would love a hot Hungry Howie's pizza tonight, but I am broke.
I'm just a hungry college student, not much more to say! 
[Request] Family of NEWLY five fresh out of the hospital would love a pizza
On Sept 30th our baby boy Ezra was born and unexpectedly had a long NICU stay in a hospital over an hour away from our home... and that really drained our account.  We have two other kids, and my husband being out of work for so long while I stayed to breastfeed the new baby in the NICU unit made money even tighter, and on top of everything else, we got a SPEEDING TICKET heading to the hospital initially to have him, no joke!  He sure is cute though and worth ALL we went through a million times over: http://img215.imageshack.us/img215/9149/ezra016.jpg

Today my husband texted me twice from work that he is depressed.  He totally forgot he missed his certification test (that we had to pay for!) this morning because he was doing his defensive driving course online for 6 hours and had too much on his mind.  Then his watch broke at work :(  He won't be home for another hour and I feel so bad for him, he is really feeling down on himself since we are so short on money and everything has gone so wrong.  A pizza would really cheer him (and our 2 toddlers!) up.  Even our German Shepherd would appreciate the scrap pizza crust - poor girl has been here by herself a lot lately. I would appreciate it SO much, and we would gladly post a picture upon receipt to show our appreciation.  We live in Texas, and Pizza Hut sounds HEAVINGLY.
[request]California USA I've been working all week on an empty stomach, for no pay.    
Just got my first job at a dry cleaners and I have only eaten a single grilled cheese sandwich all week. Boss doesn't want to pay me for the first week so I'm broke tell next week! As soon as I get my pay check I will buy someone a pizza! PLEASE HELP!

PM me please. I've been browsing reddit for years and I really need some help right now, Thanks!
[REQUEST] UK, London. My brother and I got mugged for our wallets and the ovens broken so no frozen pizza. Help?
I don't enjoy asking for charity but if there's one thing that can cheer me up it's pizza.
[REQUEST] Student in a US college, NEED a serving of vegetables
I go to school in Mississippi and haven't had a vegetable in 5 days. Pizza is a vegetable now, right?

[Request] Feed my kids for the evening!
After a tiring two-weeks, including an ambulance ride for one kid, a hospitalization (she's okay now), 1 with a head ache (she's only 4, and has cluster head aches), and 1 that's home schooled due to bullies (Autism). This mommy is TIRED and could use a pizza night! We can't afford it right now. I'll make it up to you guys and pay it forward when things are not so crazy around here! 

Also, for verification of the medical stuff I can forward you to our facebook page for our kids medical updates, I just don't want to post it publicly. 

Thanks in advance! 
[Request] I will order $5 worth of Amazon for you if you are kind enough to order a $4 worth of pizza and coke for me.
I got the balance from mturk, and I have no use of it.
Thanks.

[request] New to Calgary, Ab would love a deep dish and to pay it forward as well.
PizzaReceived see you in a few weeks RAoP
And thank you so much ;)
[Request] In OK, between checks, food stamps haven't come in yet. Pizza would just make the day for me and my daughter.
I found an article in CNN about raop while stumbling and it was like a sign. I've seen reddit before but never made an account so this is a good a time as any. Me and my daughter are going through some rough times. I'm single and work my ass off in a school cafeteria for minimum wage to try and make ends meet. I'm pretty broke right now and I really don't know if I can do rent even. I hate not being able to provide everything to my kid because of circumstance. Our food stamps haven't come in yet so we're pretty much out of food. I really don't know what I'm going to feed Lexie for lunch. If some kind stranger could help us out with a pizza it would be very appreciated.

[Request][UK, Glasgow] Craving Pizza, but broke
Hiya Reddit. My girlfriend is currently suffering from her period, and like the title says is craving pizza. Unfortunatley, we're a little too broke to order pizza, and we would greatly appreciate it if you could offer us pizza tonight.

Thanks for listening guys
[Request] Starving college student working on capstone work
Well reddit, I'm slightly drunk and incredibly hungry. I'm trying to grind out notes on this chapter about connective tissue and it is proving to be especially trying. I thought I would beg someone for some pizza to help me pull through this rough ordeal... wait, is this /firstworldproblems?

But... I would really appreciate a pizza. Hell. I might even share it with my engineering room mate, it is up to you to decide how heartless I am!

Location: Maine
[REQUEST] UK - Hungry couple with no money (yeah I know you've heard it all before)
Long story short, I'm unemployed and joining the army. Unfortunatly it's taking WAY longer than anticipated and in the meantime I have been unable to find any work.  
My girlfriend puts up with me and she's currently out now with her little part time retail job which she has to keep us scraping.  
I'd like to surprise her for when she comes in from work at 4pm with pizza (we haven't had any for a long time - training fitness etc etc)  

Since you got this far - Thanks for listening :)
[request] Home for the holidays, wanna show family what reddit is about! Help out?
I figure, what better subreddit to show my family than the awesomeness of r/random_acts_of_pizza ? I'll draw something if necessary, write you a "thanks for the pizza" song, whatever! Show some love?
[Request] It's been a long time since I've had a pizza. Muskegon MI
I've been out of a job for 3 weeks. I've been doing random jobs in the neighborhood to help pay rent. I did land a new job. The only issue is it doesn't start until August (then 2 weeks til my first check). The last pizza I had was one of those Jack's (cardboard things). 

Despite having several "flavors" Ramen Noodles are getting old. I don't know what else to say. I'm new to this.

Thanks for reading.
[Request] Oklahoma, USA - Today is my 30th birthday, but there will be no party, presents or fanfare.
The boyf &amp; I have about $15 until Thursday, which has to be put towards gas for getting to work. I am having a crap time lately and especially today I could really use some kindness and food. My dream would be pizza from my favorite local place, two because the boyf is not a veggie person, but let's be honest...I'd take anything. 
[REQUEST] AmeriCorps member just lost food stamps and could use a little something to get by.
I am serving my second AmeriCorps term in Denver, CO.  My food stamp case was recently closed because they send the follow-up paperwork to my previous address despite me calling and updating my address when I moved.  It will take approximately a month to go through the process again and receive food stamps.  If you're familiar with AmeriCorps, you know we serve nonprofit organizations for a very, very small monthly stipend.  Any assistance would be appreciated from the bottom of my heart!

TL;DR: Food stamps taken away through no fault of my own and I could use the help!
[Request] Not starving at all, but save me from dorm food for a day?
I'm not by a long shot the most deserving candidate on RAoP, but it has been awhile since I've had anything but cafeteria slop.  
  
A hot greasy pizza sounds awesome.   
  
In New Zealand, closest place is [Domino's](http://www.dominospizza.co.nz/). 
[REQUEST] Orlando, Florida. A bit of nostalgia
times are hard, and I'd just really enjoy a pizza like old times.
(REQUEST) Want to try the new p'Zolo
Wanna try the new p'zolo. i'm going on a trip friday, so all money is tied up in that
[Request] My roommate has been taking care of me while I've been horribly ill, and she deserves a pizza. 
...but I'm a dirty bum with no money, so I can't get one for her.

[Here's a picture of me with my swollen face and antibiotics,](http://i.imgur.com/cfGHG.jpg) as proof that I'm actually unwell. I guess I can't prove that she's been helping me out, but... yeah, she's been a saint. She stayed up til 3am and missed her morning class to take me to the hospital.

I'm in Canada, so I don't know if that complicates things, but... hey, it's worth a shot. Thanks for your time.
[Request] Pizza in MI for a surprise romantic evening.
Trying to set up a surprise romantic evening for my hubby and I.  Only detail is that we are vegan, however there is a nice place close by that offers a large, 1 topping, for $10, that is made with vegan cheese and they have vegan toppings. I have all the other "components" for the evening ready to go, just need the pizza. Thanks in advance.

PS. I promise to post pics!
[Request] (UK) I'm a final year student, I just spent my last £20 on train tickets to a job interview
I've been pretty much struggling with money this year, my already small loan was reduced, the money I had saved from summer didn't go far as a lot of it had to step in to cover the shortfall in my rent and the part time job market sucks.

So toward the end of this year I've been selling stuff to make ends meet. I sold an effects pedal last week for £30 thinking I would budget £10 a week for food to last me.

Now I get an interview for a job back in my home town and I had to spend the next 2 weeks food money on tickets to go to it. I've got rice, butter and frozen peas, but I'd sure like something more substantial if a redditor was kind enough to help a brother out?
[Request] Scotland, Hungry Student with 5 essays too many.
I'm currently skint with only pasta in the cupboard fighting through the 5 essays I've got to submit in the next few weeks. Would really appreciate some pizza goodness to help feed the belly as well as the brain.
[Request] $115 water bill error sucked up pay check
Earlier this week I had a $115 water bill due to error and I do not know if I have to pay it or not. I am on a fixed income with three kids and three adults living under one roof, I have very little food in the cupboard and fridge with my food pantry giving out food next week.  My kids are tired of sandwiches and pasta (which my live in baby sitter makes while I work all day). I do have a verification code but no camera for proof because I cannot afford one. 
[request] IL, USA // Had a rough day, could use a pick-me-up.
Readers Digest version of today: My biological father (who hasn't been a part of my life) had all of his siblings message me and tell me that *I* was the reason he wasn't involved.  So, I spent a lot of the day crying.  On top of it, my baby has a double ear infection AND hand, foot, and mouth.  AND it's 102 degrees outside. Meaning the oven on would make it worse.  I know tomorrow is a new day, and will be better...but today, I would really like to enjoy a meal I didn't cook myself.  I know I could get dinner from pizza hut for like $15 including tip.  If anyone could help me out, I'd totally pay it forward when I have some extra cash.  If not, thanks for letting me get all that junk off my chest.
[Request] It's my IRL cake day, would like some pizza to celebrate, also fiance is pregnant and craving.
It's my 22nd birthday today. Last night I moved into a place with my friend and we don't have much to celebrate with. Help make my birthday a little less lame, please. 

Also, my fiance is 29 weeks pregnant and craving pizza. 

There is a Pizza Hut within walking distance so we can pick up. Anything would be greatly appreciated!

Thanks for your time!
[Request] Durham, UK. Nothing for tea.
It's just me and my brother in the house tonight and there is nothing exciting to eat. Not to mention neither of us can be bothered to cook anything tonight and it would be great to just chill with a pizza.
[REQUEST] Gainesville, FL - There hasn't been any pizza in my life for a while.
Hello! I haven't had any pizza in a while, due to being extremely tight on funds. My dream is to have a slice to remind myself of the better things in life. I'm not sure what I can do to receive pizza, but I'm open to suggestions! Thanks again.
[Request] US, no money or food, really hungry. Would love to have a pizza tonight. Have some DOTA 2 keys and items I can give away.
Had some really bad days lately. I'm really down on my luck. A pizza would really make my day better.
[REQUEST]  Very bad day today, pizza sounds good
Today has been so bad today. On my way to work my battery light came on.. later on I found out my alternator went bad. Then on my way home my car died on the side of the road and I had to use the last bit of money to tow it home. I dont know yet how Im gonna get to work tomorrow. A pizza would really make this day better for me if anyone out there can help at all... I'll give you a kiss on the cheek :)
(Request) In need of some help with food in Herrin, Illinois.
I am a single dad living with my son and sick mother. I recently had to quit my job to stay at home with them because she can't watch him by herself while I work.The last of my money just went on the rest of my bills and we have no money to get any food. If someone could help I would really appreciate it and would return the favor when I am back on my feet.
[request] my sister didnt get the best birthday in the world
hey, my sister just turned 15 and her birthday didnt really go so well and was upset, it would be great if you guys sent her a pizza to cheer her up, and knowing it came from a reddit user would be even greater :D
[REQUEST] IT GRUMBLES (my belly, that is.) ]: 
Gonna be honest here, I sort of shot myself in the foot. Went to Seattle to meet some buddies from a game I play and kind of spent a bit too much money... We had a blast though! PAX 2011 YEAH! 2 days after PAX 2011... not so yeah. 

Anyway, I get paid on Thursday (well, maybe Thursday, if not this Thursday than next Thursday and if that's true I'm super nyerked) and will DEFINITELY pay the pizza back to some other redditor! Not going to whine if I don't get a pizza but it'd be pretty awesome if my broke, gamer ass got fed D: 

I've been following reddit for awhile now because of my boyfriend, so even though my account is new I've been a lurker on this website for a few months now. He's actually the one who suggested I try reddit because he's at work and can't be much help atm :] 

Anything would be appreciated guys!

(And as much as I love this sub reddit, I feel so guilty using it ;___; )


[REQUEST] Broke 20 year old girl living on her own, and hungry
Hey everyone! When you're desperately trying to stay out of debt like I am bills often come before food and you find yourself with a roof over your head, but nothing in your stomach. I'm new here and am hoping to cash in some karma points to fill my belly. I will GLADLY post pictures of myself enjoying aforementioned delicious pizza. Help me internet! You're my only hope :) Thanks in advance
[Request] Las Vegas, NV, Tired of ramen, and craving a pizza-y change
This month's been a little tough, and pretty much been relegated to ramen for the past week. If some kind person wishes to help break the monotony, that'd be awesome. 
[REQUEST] Lansing, MI. Would love a pizza for dinner!
I am moving soon, so I'm trying to not go to the grocery store and stock up my cabinets so that less food is wasted.  I'd be extremely grateful for a GOOD pizza, and would love to share it with my friends. Thanks guys =]
[REQUEST] New Orleans - I can reward pizza with... Shoes! You get to choose!
I have been dreaming of pizza all day. Unfortunately my sister needed some cash today, which I lent to her, forgetting don't have work tonight and can't go in to earn tips to get through the day. I am not clever or particularly talented and cannot offer anything original in exchange for pizza.

What I CAN offer is a beautiful pair of shoes, your choice! I'm a member of justfab.com, it's an online shopping site, and I have a bunch of reward points wracked up. If you'd like, you can visit their website, pick out a pair that catches your eye, and I'll have it shipped to you! In exchange for pizza!

Sweet deal!
[Request] UK Anyone help me out tonight ?
Hey guys as i have said before i do actually work but just been going through some hard times of late.
Tonight i find myself with no food willing to get someone a pizza on payday but looking for a nice person to possibly do me a favour tonight 

Cheers
[Request] Don't get paid till next week in Phoenix, Arizona.
Howdy everyone,

The water heater in our house and the air compressor died in our truck, stealing money away from our grocery funds. If anyone could be so kind to buy us a pizza so my wife and I can eat something other than top ramen and corn, it would be appreciated so much. We aren't picky, just hungry, cheese or pepperoni would be fine. I can write a Haiku for the wonderful person who feeds us!
[Request] my pup loves pizza crust, I love pizza. Tyrone, GA
Looking for something delicious for dinner. Payday is Friday, trying to stay fed till then!!
[Request] Willing to trade tutoring in Scrolls or League of Legends for some delicious Pizza.
I'm a (currently diamond) Challenger 3v3 League of legends player and top 100 in Scrolls. Unfortunately being good at those games doesn't stop me from being hungry, I'm willing to add you on Skype and work with you to improve your game and in exchange we get to be pizza buddies...snacking and playing together.
[Request] Oklahoma, unable to go home for the holidays and now I'm broke.
Hey, 

So I'm currently on winter break, and  I've been waiting for a check from my parents since I've been unable to go home for the holidays. Unfortunately it didn't come today and now I'm broke, with literally no food. Literally none. I hope it comes in the mail tomorrow if so I promise to get someone a pie. I can take a picture of my fridge if need be. 

If someone is able to do this I can also pay it forward tomorrow :). 
{Request} All i have is a piece of rock hard chicken..
No Sob Story. I am at work and all i have it the chicken the turned rock hard in the fridge...
[REQUEST] Pennsylvania dad embarassed to ask for a pizza
Hey all.  My wife is away on business tonight, so it's just me an my daughter.  Well, had an unexpected bill come out of my checking account today putting me in the negative.  My little one has been begging me for pizza all morning.  We won't starve without it, but it'd be awesome if I could grab her a pie tonight.  I'll repay the kindness for sure.


[Request] Just started a new job. Out of work a month, My gf and I could really use a meal. (original posted on wrong account)
I have just started a great job after being out of work for a month. All of our funds were eaten while I was out of work. Anything would be appreciated we are just hungry and have nothing left. Make sure yall have a great day. I'm in dallas TX. 
[Request] U.K. can anyone help a british brother out? i promise to pay it forward on payday.
sorry, i am a reddit noob - trying to remember all the terms of the reddiquette so i hope this is okay.

all i can say is i'm just rather short of money right now - i can't tell you how much a pizza would cheer me up while i'm writing my dissertation. it would be sincerely, humbly appreciated.

thanks for looking :)
[REQUEST] jobless redditor mother of a 12 and 14 year old hungry :(
I can't find it in me to use my normal account, so this is a throwaway; 

long story short, my boss was upset at something I did and thus i'm unemployed for the time being; my kids are hungry and all I ask is for them to be fed. i don't need any food, just my kids. if anyone could help, i'd be grateful. thanks :)

the nearest food pantry is too far for us, my insurance has expired and i can't risk the drive
[Request] Alabama. SOS.
We are so desperate for food, we have tried on 3 seperate accounts to obtain a pizza. Now look into your heart, and please make the right decision. We arent trying to be greedy. Just honestly hungry, And mean, its fucking snowing outside.. Isn't that bad enough. :(
[Request] Broke nursing student... hungry...
Just lost my job because of school. Would really appreciate a pizza for my all nighters. Thank you.
request (need a meal tonight, will return favor after holidays)
Me and my girlfriend are currently in the process of moving and thus are having money problems. If someone could help us out right now that would be awesome and after the whole fiasco that is moving is over I will return the favor! 
[request] down on our luck - missouri
I can offer you my sob story, but I don't think that would be too appreciated, haha... So in short, my mom and I are both students, and completely broke. I work but get very few hours (overnights, and hours have been getting cut like crazy recently), and my mom is currently unemployed and has been trying really hard to find a steady job (her school schedule doesn't make it as easy as it had been before she went back).
More than willing to repay when I get my taxes in! Thanks :)
[REQUEST] I have an advanced degree, and will be spending the evening stuffing envelopes. (Eastern Iowa)
One of my PT jobs that allows me to keep teaching will involve stuffing hundreds of envelopes with my boss tonight. Pizza would be awesome, would restore my faith in...nah, I have faith in humanity. Just think it would keep our spirits up to have some tasty pizza :)

Will pay it forward (will anyway, whether we get any or not...love this sub :)
[REQUEST] Longmont, CO Pizza Withdrawal
Hey Ladies &amp; Gentlemen,

I would love to hang out with a pizza at around 4:00pm today... wink.

-wolfbuzz
[Request] Pizza for my birthday?
Unemployed, poor, etc.

More importantly, IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!! Help me celebrate with a birthday pie?
[Request]  Girl in Need of Pizza and a Smile  STL, MO
Hi everyone...I have a job, and I go to school, but recently, I've found myself broke, with my car in the shop.  My checking account is in the negative and my fridge is pretty bare.  I would love a pizza today.  I figure I can make a few meals from it.  When I get my finances back on track I will pay it forward for someone else.  Thank you in advance and have a great day :)

DM
[Request] Need a pizza so I can eat emotionally.
UK. Just had a conversation with my introvert wife to set up which evenings she can be alone because she started a job with an open office plan and she has to be social all day. Turns out she needs more nights alone than she wants with me. I'm suppose to leave her alone MWF nights and either Saturday or Sunday until 1pm. And now I am extremely sad, want to eat my feelings, and I don't want to ask her for money to do so. Anyone up for enabling me tonight? 
[REQUEST] Detroit MI. very hungry kid
Hey guys, im very hungry. i havent eaten all day, and have been hungry the psat few weeks since i lost my job. Im 18 and my parents live four states away. I live in a townhouse with 5 other guys and seeing them all bring their thanksgiving leftovers home really sucked, as i spent it by myself eating what was left of my canned soup. Today has been the breaking point where i have to ask, im starving:(
[REQUEST] Lost my debit card, no cash, and the bank's closed.
I'm a student, and my fridge is empty. I would normally bike to the store and buy groceries for the week, but somehow I misplaced my debit card, and I don't have enough cash to feed myself.

I would really appreciate a pizza until I can get to the bank tomorrow. I get my paycheck early next week, so I can pay it forward then. : )
[REQUEST] Im just really in the mood for pizza! 
Im craving pizza really bad, and i dont have enough money to buy one. Love it if any can donate me one! Thanks.
[Request] Car broke down, and lost my job. Asking for some pizza(or other food to order online) to cheer me up
Like it said in the post, My car broke down, so i have to look for a new job, broke as a joke and running out of food and heart, could use some cheering up. Thanks a bunch guys! *edit i live in Fargo ND
[Request] Hungry Hungry Hoosier
broke college student with -8.00 dollars to my name and between work checks(subway) would greatly appreciate a pizza to offset a 8th day of Peanut butter and jelly! 
[Request] Hungry in Phoenix, AZ
Hello all, I am broke and out of food and decided to try this out. I'm a 24 year old male living in Phoenix. I moved out here in October 2010 to move into a halfway house. I am an addict in recovery, been sober 11 months. In the beginning of December I moved out into my own apartment. One of the complex managers lived in the halfway house with me and was able to get me an apartment and a job painting the complex. So I have been painting to pay for the place. I am trying to food stamps, but my passport (which is required for the process) appears to have been lost in the mail, quite unfortunately. I have been receiving a lot of help from people, but at this time I do not have any food so I figured I would try this out. Thanks for reading.
[Request] My gf and I always make our own pizza because it's cheaper than buying locally. Would like to try this awesome Italian place near us, but are broke after V-Day!
Here's a pic of us after making one of our masterpieces :)

[pic](http://audaciousfaith.files.wordpress.com/2010/07/dsc_0072.jpg)
[Request] Halifax, NS - Longshot, but can anyone help me out a week before payday
Hey guys. Just got a new job recently and I'm waiting for my first full pay. My partial pay last week went to rent and I'm a week till I have my first no-strings attached pay. I plan on paying it forward at that point - any chance someone can help me out with a bit of food before then?
[REQUEST] Going to my best friends house and nothing to eat...
Anyone willing to donate a pizza? Would really like to share it with my friend. Nothing to eat at his house and I'm gonna be here the whole weekend. Any donations would really be appreciated :D I live in the Atlanta area in Georgia.
[Request] Kent, UK. Had a terrible birthday, unemployed, would love a pizza.
EDIT: THANK YOU SO MUCH To Piccolittle for sending me a pizza, it is truly appreciated and was a wonderfully kind act.

As the title says.. my birthday was terrible. Saw a grand total of 3 people in my family, only one of which actually remembered it was my birthday.. Asked my mum to do one thing for me, which was to not drink on my birthday.. and she was drinking when I got there at lunchtime.  Another member of my family demanded to know why I was upset that they hadn't remembered it was my birthday. -.-  Unemployed too, so money is super tight.. would absolutely love a pizza right now. Thanks.
[REQUEST] 2 broke university students in Ottawa Ontario would love some exam power food.
Biochemistry is a hell of a major. 
[Request] San Antonio, USA. Lost my job the other day. Would love some late dinner.
Lost my job (was a manager at a hookah bar) due to the owner selling the shop. He overextended opening too many businesses and had to sell off a lot of places, including the shop I ran for him. I've spent the entire day updating my resume and applying for jobs. Any help would be awesome :)
[Request] Long time since I had pizza, really craving it
My dad lost his job in the last few weeks, I'm in school and working on getting a job but until then I haven't been spending on anything really.  I'd really love a pizza to enjoy while watching the Blues V. Hawks game tonight with my girlfriend
Location: Illinois
[REQUEST] Student needs a good pizza

I'm an educator who is also a student.  I'm usually the one to help others out when they are in need.  But now I find myself who is the one in need.  After paying the mortgage, and the Phone bill and the light bill I found myself not able to pay for or buy any food for myself.  That was all most two weeks ago.  A friend of mine told me about this website so hear I am.  I hope that some one see's this post and is kind enough to help some one like me out with a pizza. 

I'm in Conyers, GA



   
[Request] Hungry with only a few dollars in bank in KY. Would really appreciate a pizza tonight.

REQUEST Bloomington, Indiana
I'm a homeless mother of 3 kids in Bloomington IN. My case worker told me about this page and I thought I would give it a shot. If you could help me and my kids for the night I would be very grateful. We're staying in a hotel for the night that my mom is paying for and she is letting me use her computer. I hope you'll reply. thank you so much!
[request] Cincinnati/hamilton ohio: Help an exhausted programmer out?
Hey, thanks for reading this post. I'm a college student living in Hamilton ohio, I've just finished pulling my third all nighter for a final project in the last four days. I'm really hungry and would LOVE a pizza tonight since it seems I'll be up again. I would love an e-card to larosas, papa johns, or marcos, since those are the only places within a reasonable driving distance for me.  Again, thank you for reading this post, and REALLY thank you if someone decides to make my fourth all nighter a lot less depressing. 
[request] shepherdsville ky  pizza for 75% off portal 2  coupoun
I'm hungry got no food will trade portal 2 coupoun for pizza we have a papa johns in town please raop help me
[REQUEST] Pizza for family of 6 in NJ? :-)
Family of 6 would LOVE a pizza gift!
[Request] Toronto, Canada. Stressed and nervous. 
Hello, I've never posted on here before so please excuse me if I'm doing this wrong. 

I found out today the company I work for hasn't been making any money for awhile now and will have to close soon, meaning I will soon be out of a job. I'm so tired after sending out resumes all night long that I don't even want to think about making dinner. A pizza would be much appreciated. 

Hope you all are having a better day then mine! Thanks 
[REQUEST] Ent in Baton Rouge
Fellow ents,

I am currently in a pickle.  I went out last night and forgot to close my tab before I left the bar.  Currently, however, I am too high to go and get it from the bar.  Simultaneous, my state has made me very hungry and would love to order people.  Alas, I can't because I don't have my card.  If any of you can find it in your heart to help me out, I promise to pay it forward when the time comes.
[Birthday] [Request] Bellingham Wa, come bring pizza to party!
My birthday is on tuesday the 27 and man some pizza would be so good!!!
[request] South Texas- Kids are tired of eating chicken.
Hey RAOP, we're not starving, but we're strapped this month and we've eaten chicken every way we can think of for almost three weeks straight, trying to stretch the dollars to the max. My niece, nephew and sister have a hankerin for some Dominoes tonight. I'd be grateful for a couple of pies for dinner tonight.
[Request] Girlfriend is having a long day and could really use some pizza! Help a man out!
My girlfriend isn't having the best day. What would really help is if some one would help me get her a stuffed crust pizza that would make her day!

*edit: I am in the Tucson, Arizona area.
[REQUEST] Family of 5...
Hey ROAP, I would love to surprise my family with a pizza tonight. We have no money until tomorrow night and our only option until then is thin spaghetti with ranch dressing :D We can do it, but a pizza would be appreciated more than you know! I promise to pay it forward once we get back on our feet. Thanks :)

Wesley Chapel, Florida

[REQUEST] Was going to go to the beach today, but it rained. Pizza and Game Of Thrones would be really cool. I can draw you a cartoon or something? (AUSTRALIA)
We were going to the beach to take pictures for our pen pal in the US and it rained so we are very sad and would love a pizza. So now I am going to watch Game Of Thrones! I can draw alright, so if you give me a cartoon character I will draw them for you! 


Thanks for reading :)
[Request]Today is my due date for my baby boy! Please send me Gluten-Free Pizza?
So after 40 weeks, it's finally here!  Baby Boy should be making an appearance some time in the next week!  (This is our first) I am showing pretty much no pre-labor signs, except for being a little crampy and irritable, last night I had about 5 braxton hicks contractions.  My fiance is working all day and we unfortunately are living paycheck to paycheck (which is a bit easier when I am actually able to work) and have every penny pinched for the baby.  I am crazy craving some pizza,  I have a bad gluten intolerance (almost had to be hospitalized the last time I ate normal pizza, it was the last glutenous thing I purposefully ate before I made the switch to gluten free everything), so I know that makes it a bit more difficult (and expensive :( ), but I do live in Portland, OR so there are a couple of gluten free places (like hot lips or Bellagios) that do deliver.  I would love you forever and ever and ever and I could craft you something if you'd like.  I haven't had many cravings this entire pregnancy (except meat, I was vegetarian before I got pregnant, now I am a carnivore) and now it is pizza overload.  Someone help a pregnant girl (who is not royal by any means) out?
[REQUEST] Anyone feel like buying a pizza for a broke bartender and his co-worker on the slowest monday night of their lives? (Atlanta)
Working in Atlanta, absolutely willing to pizza it forward. Just want some grub. Thanks guys
[Request] "Starving artist" type has $1 to my name until my next gig (saturday) and is very hungry. GA, USA.
I play music! Unfortunately that does not necessarily pay the bills or keep me fed. Here's me playing guitar: https://soundcloud.com/will-james-guitar

I hope one of you beautiful people out there could spot me some Papa John's? When I get a real job I'll be sure to come back and pay it forward :)
[Request] Been hungry for weeks. "Guest", eat everything and haven't left after being told they need to leave.
So here's my story of why I'm here and why I'm so hungry.

7 Weeks ago my dad said his friend was moving in because she needed a place to stay. She arrived the next day and moved into the downstairs guest bedroom with her baby daughter. Four days later her 12 year old daughter moved in upstairs next to me. My dad never cooks and this is fine because I'll cook for myself and enjoy cooking. But I've noticed the food disappearing more and more, when I asked my father to go shopping he did about 2 weeks later and to my surprise 2 more people moved in. Friends of my dads from Tennessee. They were only here for a week but when they left there was no food again. When I asked my dad if I could go shopping with him he said he didn't have the money to feed all these people and asked the women with the 2 daughters to find a place. It feels like it's been forever and they are still here. There's almost nothing I can make to eat besides ramen and corn. The only thing she buys is junk food but not even anything you would want to eat as a snack. Ice creme, ice creme cake, microwave dinners which I can't eat because it's for her "diet", and baby food.

What I've been doing is just going out and eating but I quit my last job and began to work with my father. It was hard work and good pay but we live in Florida and it's rain so much the past few days we haven't been able to work and he hasn't giving me a paycheck. Like I said there is corn, ramen, and ice creme I CAN eat. I really rather not but if you are generous enough to give someone a pizza, try and find someone in more need than I am. If you can't and decide to help me out I will LOVE YOU!

Thanks for reading and I'll answer any questions.

TL;DR: Guest who've been staying at my house eat everything and leave me nothing. Haven't left after being asked to. I'm terrible at writing.

:
[request] Chattanooga TN, hungry no car to get fast food or anything
College kid in Chattanooga hungry pretty much broke and don't have a car to get somewhere cheap 
[REQUEST] It's shark week for me here in BC
I would appreciate some carbs in the form of pizza to stifle my cravings and cramps!
[Request] Will write a song based on your username for pizza
We're broke college students. If we don't get pizza soon I fear we're gonna start eating each other. But we have a guitar and shitty singing abilities!

Edit: We're in Greeley, CO
[Request] for a pizza in Scotland.
Hi, not something I have done ever, but here it goes.

I got done with my exams 2 weeks ago and wasn't able to work as much as I would have wanted to during this past 30 days, after paying off my rent all my bills, I have just been left enough money for the bus fare to and from work for the next week and I can't spend that, I've got some rice and bread and PB and stuff, but that's only enough to last me a few days, so I was wondering if anyone could buy me a papa johns? That would be a nice fulfilling meal for a change.

Since I get paid in 8 days, i.e next Friday, I promise to pass the pizza love to someone who need's it like I do now, I guess that's the whole point of this subreddit.

Anyway, thanks for reading.


*
[Request] Colorado, would love pizza while studying for finals

[REQUEST] Tomorrow (June 30th) is a friends birthday and I can't afford to get him anything. He's having a few friends over and it would be awesome to get some birthday pizza! (London, ON, CAN)
Hello fellow redditors. I will be very honest, I am one of the people who have come here after seeing the media coverage. Well I have been here before, but mostly just lurking. I haven't been able to afford much for myself lately, so that's why I haven't really participated much here, but it is something I plan on doing once I get some more funds in the bank account.

So here's my story. Tomorrow is one of my really good friends 23rd birthday. It's been a rough year so far for both of us (both had breakups around the same time) and since then, our friendship has really become a lot stronger. I've been in the negatives in my bank account the last two weeks and I can't afford to get him anything for his birthday (it's a byob party and I don't even have any b to b) He's having about 6 or so people over tomorrow to celebrate and I think it would be awesome if we could get some birthday pizza for the party. I know there's a lot of people out there who would better benifit from pizza, but this would mean a whole lot to me if someone could help me out tomorrow evening. I'll pay it forward when I can afford!
[Request] Tennessee USA My recently engaged fiance and I would love to have a warm pizza for this rainy night.
My fiance and I are enjoying each other's company before we have to go back to our separate colleges. We would love to split a pizza tonight, but we are very poor college students. 
[Request] Car insurance took out the rest of our food moneys, could use a pizza to hold us over!
Hi!  First time requesting pizza.

My husband and I are in between pay periods and a surprise (but I guess not too surprise) car insurance bill zapped us of literally all of our money.  We have only bread and butter as meal substitutes until payday (this Thursday), we just wiped out the last of the dried beans.  So a pizza would be like, the best treat for our bellies.

Thank you so much!
Poutina + Poutina's Husband

Edit:  Whoops!  We are in South Jersey and EST zone.
[Request] (New) mom needs a break!
My amazing son Caleb was born three months ago. He's wonderful but a handful. (As is the significant other and other son.) Things in our house are a little crazy now because I went back to work on Monday. 
Chores and bills are piling up and I'm EXHAUSTED. Cooking is the last thing I want to do after diapers, homework, and housework. Money is a little tight because I won't get my paycheck for two weeks.

If there's anyone out there who can help a slightly overwhelmed and extremely tired mom, it'd be greatly appreciated. The family would probably appreciate it more than I would.

Thank you everyone!

Note: This account is new but I can contact you from my older account if you want.
[REQUEST] A few old friends are visiting, but we don't have the necessary funds for dinner...
 If anyone would be the savior of our stomachs we would love you forever and we would draw you something on MS Paint &lt;3
[Request] No money for a cookout-A pizza would be great-pa
I'm off work today and have no money to cookout.A pizza would be a generous offer from a nice redditor.
[REQUEST] Lactose intolerant girl, just got "Lactaid Pills" GTA, Ontario.
I've been lactose intolerant my entire life, and I just recently was given "Lactaid" pills (by recently, I just got back from the doctor's office) so that I can enjoy cheesy goodness (something I haven't done in 4 years.) Unfortunately, I'm a broke college student blah blah, you know the story. I'd really appreciate a pizza so I can thoroughly enjoy it :)

I live in the GTA area in Ontario, Canada.
When I have some money to spare, I'm willing to pay it forward.
And reddit, you can hold me to that :)
[Request] Blacksburg,VA
Pregnant and craving pizza!! Will pay it forward on payday! :)
[REQUEST] Fresno Ca moving back to my parents and they wont let my dog stay there, just gave her away tonight :'(
parents have 3 small dogs and wont let me move back home from college with my pitbull :( sad times.  
[request] trying to feed me and my g/f tonight (raleigh, nc)
I'm broke till friday and shes a full-time student. I can pay it forward on friday. I also have a few coupons for papa johns so im not looking for much just to get by. 
(request) just lost my wife, took my newborn son with. I'm completely alone and about to go bankrupt.
TL;DR 
I lost my wife because she cheated on me with 3 of my cousins. She got custody of my son. Her lawyer fucked me in the ass and now I am about to bankrupt. 
*Throwaway account
[Request] Work has really screwed me over
I have been working for about a month now at my new job, and yesterday was my first paycheck. Instead of mailing ME my paycheck, they accidentally sent it to some random address in pennsylvania, and now I have to wait until next week when they can void my previous check and then mail me another one, since its "company policy" to not have paychecks sent to where I work. If someone can please help me with a pizza I would be eternally grateful, I am at my wits end, and I could really use a hot meal. Please someone help me out!

[Request] Friend stole from landlord/boss, now Im broke and about to be homeless.
Someone stole $100 from my landlord and employers bedroom. No one is fessing up and now Im fucked. No more job, or home. I seriously regret hosting parties for my fuckwad friends. Now without a car, Ive got a whole shitload of issues to solve. I got $5 to my name, and if it werent for lack of availability, Id be back on the H train. Clean 3 months now, and the dope dreams are back in fulll force. 

This doesnt even cover half of it. Its enough to not personally identify me without a throwaway account. 
[REQUEST] Two hungry college girls in Indiana.
My roommate and I are going to be up pretty late studying and working on homework.  She has to write a paper and I have an online exam tonight and two more later this week.  We both are strapped for cash and our dining court is closed on Sunday nights. 

Thanks for reading, love you all RAoP!
[Request] Jacksonville, IL, My gf was put on bed rest and both of us are broke till next friday
I would gladly repay or pay it forward depending on which you prefer, maybe even both. But like it says my gf was put on bed rest and im trying to take care of her and working 12 hour days so it makes it kinda hard...
[Request] No longer homeless, but broke once again. Pizza would be greatly appreciated
Hello! I'm new too reddit ( over a month thankfully) and found this wonderful subreddit! Last month, me and my boyfriend were living out of my car. We ended up living and sleeping there for a month. I had a job, but my hours were minimal and we could not afford rent. It was awful, just recently though we both got jobs and we are able to offers the tiniest little place. Unfortunetly, bill this month left us short on cash with empty cupboards. A cheese pizza, would make the world a little brighter for us! 

If you have any questions about our homelessness, feel free to ask!
[Request] Broke. Would love a pizza.
I'll try to keep this short and to the point. I just recently moved, I'm broke, my car is giving me issues, and a mess of other stuff. I'm in a great mood right now though! A pizza would just send me over the top. If you really just want to make a dumb kid (I'm in my 20's) happy, I'm your guy. Thanks a lot. If you want any more info you can message me.
[REQUEST] Tampa Bay, FL My family could use a pizza dinner.
My daughter came home with an awesome report card and I'd love to take her to Westshore Pizza in Tampa for dinner tonight.  Will gladly pay it forward next month when I have some extra cash.
[Request] hoping to pay it forward soon, but no food today. halp?
Not much left in the cupbard today to say the least, but if someone would be nice enough to help me get some pizza today I would pay it forward the moment I'm able :)

[request] I can smell it... sooo close! (Saint Peter, MN)
So, my new apartment is right across the street from Godfathers! They must have just opened because without A/C I have to have the windows open. I can smell the great food and I'm sooo hungry without any $$ :( anyone willing to help out? Please :) 


[request] completely fucked
lost my graphic design job. absolute fucking dream job, gone. idk how long it'll take me to find a new position, but i hope sooner than later. dude i'd be so ecstatic if someone can hook me up with a pie. long time lurker - first time poster. i read the sidebar, i have verification and i am located in PA. please and thank you
[REQUEST] Lynnwood,WA Very broke and would love a pizza tonight.
My fiancee and I are usualy broke as my fiancee is on disability and I stay at home to take care of her. A pizza would be a wonderful treat for us. 
Thanks!
-Mac
[REQUEST]Broke and Hungry
I am one of the few that can say I bought at a house at the age o 20.  With this, I found comes many, many extra bills I never thought of.  Food doesn't always come first, and I'm pretty broke right now, and would appreciate anyone willing to send a pizza my way.  Nothing major is required or asked for.
[REQUEST] My girlfriend and I are really hungry and would love a pizza! We rescued a cat today from under a car and now have to save our money for vet stuff
Here are some cat pics so you guys know we're legit:
http://i.imgur.com/kDsUP.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/Lnedu.jpg

We really are hungry but we have a big, expensive day with the kitty tomorrow at the vet and we have to save for that. 

Thanks for looking and hope everyone has a great night!
[request] hungry man hoping for dinner
(Northern Colorado)

So here's my dilemma guys... My payroll made a mistake on Friday and it was too late to take care of before the next business day (fingers are crossed for tomorrow). The problem is that I literally live paycheck to paycheck a few day late check can really turn your world upside down. I'm starving for a bite to eat tonight and would be so grateful if someone could help me out. After I get my paycheck sorted out I'd be happy to pay it forward or just send a pizza back at you in appreciation. Whatever you want me to do to return the favor, just, please help.

Thanks Redditors,  
/u/shaboingdezzleknock
[Request] Plymouth, UK. Pizza to accompany my LOTR Marathon?
Hi guys

I was wondering if anyone fancied giving out a pizza tonight?

I'm currently having a LOTR marathon (on Two Towers right now) and could really do with a nice pizza to go with it.

It's also my cake day! :D
[request] Pizza for Girlfriend's Birthday.
My Girlfriend's friends are jerks, and I would like to get her a pizza, but I am a broke-ass scrub... or something else funny. Don't tell her. It's a surprise.
[Request] Starving and broke :(
My stomach is hurting and there is nothing in my fridge to eat unfortunately :-/ I will provide pics of said fridge lol. I would be forever grateful if someone could help out, and I would pay it forward in the future when i'm in a better situation.
[REQUEST Columbus, Ohio] Want pizza for finals
My roommate and I have been studying for finals for awhile now and we realized that we are completely out of food and would love a pizza if you would be willing to send one our way. :)
[REQUEST] I can't remember a time that I wasn't working on this computer science project.  I'm so hungry but nobody here knows how to program a pizza. Please help...

[Request] Fallen on hard times this week, not much money for food and a pizza would help everyone chill out.
Just looking for something to help out the parents, everyone's been stressed and there's not much money to go around for food at the moment. I will be able to pay it back in full on Tuesday with a little extra if needed/wanted.

[Request] I am a broke student away from home for 6 wks half way across the country, would LOVE a nice simple pizza please!
Hi! I'm a student away for summer school....it's a huge opportunity for me, but it meant I had to come with no money.....been scraping with what little I have....it would be GREAT to have a simple bacon and spinach pizza...anything would be nice though....thanks! :)
[request] Urbana, IL - Writing my PhD Thesis and going CRAZY!!
Student in a lot of debt, would prefer not to add another $10 for pizza to that pile. I just have 1 more month to go until I can defend my thesis... I've written 200 pages and have about 50 more to go. Once I defend and get a job, I'll become a pizza-giver: I'll give out 2 pizzas for every pizza I've gotten as a student!
[Request California] Yet another poor college student
I won't be able to get any grocery money until tomorrow and I am down to a lonely can of baked beans. Could anyone help?

Thanks guys, I love this subreddit and all the good it has done.

[request] Pizza for my neighbours
The cute young couple next door just had their first baby, and it would be wonderful if someone would please get them some food. I got them a few things for baby Sofi, but would greatly appreciate the kindness of pizza for the adults.

We are in Florida.

Thank you.
[Request] California, USA. House sitting.
House sitting Uncle's house. They mostly have health food, and I'm craving something unhealthy.
[Request] Tired and Hungry (Lawrence, KS)
I was away on business for the first two weeks of August.  I've been back for the last two weeks, but I've been extremely busy with work so I haven't been grocery shopping.  After leaving the office on about the 9th 14 hour or so day, I realized I had left my wallet in our Core location.  While this normally wouldn't be a big deal, that is the only location I don't have access to outside of business hours.  I found this out as I was at the grocery store getting ready to buy some food (I figured it was time).  Now I'm hungry and tired. Oh, and I have to head to the office for a maintenance window in another 7 or so hours.  Any generous souls out there?

Edit:  I should sleep instead.  I realize I can get back to my wallet tomorrow and a few hours hungry isn't going to kill me.
[REQUEST] Downtown Los Angeles USA Entrepreneur couple hungry for pizza :)
Hey everyone! We're a couple who are also a team of entrepreneurs on a budget. We're starving with no food in our fridge currently because all of our funds from our recently completed project are tied up in paypal for another day or so waiting for the funds to transfer into our bank account. We're working late night on projects tonight and hoping someone will keep us alive with a pizza. Would love to return the favor for another pizza loving individual. Thanks! Have a wonderful night everyone!
[Request] UK, Will do anything for pizza.
I'll do anything for pizza, a dare, sing a song, whatever you like. No NSFW stuff though obviously. 
[Request] Chicago, IL USA. Moving in 2 days, all money is tied up in deposits and our fridge is bare... Help?
My boyfriend and I were living in Chicago while I was attending school, I have just graduated and will be moving to a more affordable residence on Thursday but until then all of our money is currently tied up in application fees, deposits and rent. Anything would make this rather bleak night infinitely better and will be payed forward as soon as we are able.

A preview of our fridge [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/3VWPHfj)

And a picture of our buddy toby who would absolutely love you forever for a piece of sausage [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/JDUIIQg)
[Request] Texas USA, broke and starving. Would love a pizza!
I'll pay it forward when I have money
[Request] KY USA - Would love to surprise my son with a pizza tonight
I hope I posted the title correctly. I've been unemployed for most of the year, and I will be starting a new job in 2 weeks. I'm very excited about this new position, however I won't be receiving my first check for another month. My son has been my rock through it all and he continues to grow into a wonderful young man. I know this pizza would mean the world to him as it would be a vast improvement from what we've been eating. Would anyone out there be willing to help me surprise my son with a good meal? Please consider us. Thank you.
[REQUEST] Denton, TX college student would like some pizza.
Hello RAP, I am a student at UNT in Denton, TX and I would like some pizza please.
[Request] A pizza for a very hungry ent!
I would love you forever and ever!
(Request) Stuck in Canada, out of money and down on my luck.
Long story short: I am a British student who is now living in Canada and have been the past 11 months. I  recently lost my job at a youth hostel in downtown Toronto (also where I live) and for the past 2 weeks I have struggled desperately to get a replacement job but to no avail. With rent coming, phone bill to pay, and other assortments, I'm stressing. Hard.

I've never had to ask people for handouts, and I really don't know how to go about asking, so I'll just say it.

I would like a pizza Reddit. I have absolutely no cash left and I have barely and food left in my fridge; the past 3 days I have survived on water from the tap, peanuts and microwavable popcorn.

It's a joke, really, and I am ashamed. I have been a long-time lurker and never actually thought I'd create an account solely for this purpose.

Apologies, but help is appreciated.

Proof if required.
[Request] Hungry and sick.
My girlfriend and I just moved into a new apartment after being homeless for a week and half. Our cubbords are empty and the week + of homelessness drained both our bank accounts. To top things off, I've contracted a flu like sickness and can't help around the new place much just quite yet. Some warm food would be greatly appreciated. 
[request] Ballston spa, Ny. Puppy died.
So, on my way to visit my parents I got a phone call. My mom clearly having difficulty speaking finally she let out, "ginger died."

Ginger was a 1.5 year old golden doodle. The little sister to our older dog dusty. She was a beautiful loyal curly haired monster who did not deserve to die.

I'm now sitting home alone because my fiancé is at work in the navy, looking at gingers pictures, just sad. 

I don't feel like cooking.

I would greatly appreciate a pizza.

Thank you.
[Request] Will work for pizza, Ogden, UT
I graduated last fall with a major in communications. I definitely regret not choosing a major that was more profitable, as I am still working the same retail job that I've had for a few years. I don't mind my job but I'm ready to branch out and find something better. As I got closer and closer to my graduation date I kept telling myself that 2012 is my year. I am not new to Reddit or living check to check, so I'm here looking for a mutual exchange. I'm proficient with Microsoft Office, Photoshop, Quickbooks, and researching just about any topic for you. It has been so long since I've had a meal that wasn't rice, beans or noodles. I'm very grateful for what I have, but a pizza would just rock my world! Please let me know what kind of work you would like to have done and any deadlines if possible. Thank you for considering me.
[Request] Just got new job, really would like a stuffed crust to celebrate
Anyone feeling kind enough to hand out a stuffed crust supreme or two from pizza hut? they are $10 each.
[Request] I accidentally got drunk at 4pm and don't want to eat the beet I had planned for this evening's dinner. Pizza?
In hungry,
[Request] broke college kid with an empty fridge, an exam tomorrow and only enough money to pay rent May 1st (London, Canada)
So I've got 5 exams over the next two weeks and a HUGE job interview next Monday that'll determine my financial state for the summer, and I'm hungry.

If I get the pizza and the job my first paycheck is gonna go towards paying it forward.
[Request] Wife is at a funeral, I don't want to cook. Pizza would rock!
My wife and daughter went to a funeral. I don't feel like cooking for my son and I. Anyone feel like sending pizza? Only place nearby is Pizza Hut.
[REQUEST] Stuck in the middle of nowhere, doubt anywhere will even deliver Pizza
I am stuck in small vilage in UK called South Killingholme, near Grimsby, which is as grim as the name suggests, no car, and busses suck. Miss having pizza but unsure if any deliver, would hope someone to prove me wrong.
[Request] Spartanburg, SC
I have been trying to make life happier for my children, since my wife went into rehab. They know that their mother is away, but I've had a hard time sitting them down and trying to explain where she is. When they ask I tell them that mommy was sick but she is getting better. Every pay day she would disappear for weeks at a time. I would drive around until I either found her somewhere, or she would come home with no money and "no clue" as to what happened with her paycheck. Supporting a household on my own was not something I was prepared for. I try to juggle my bills so that the most important bills get paid. I offered the power company half, but they would not accept it. I had to make a choice between getting food and having my kids stay in a home without power. We are down to 3 cans of tuna. We can eat on one pizza for today and tomorrow, as I get paid on Monday. I have a 5 year old and an 8 year old. Please help us.  
[REQUEST] could use a warm pizza
College student here, out of luck lately. Out of a job for a while, and just spent $300 on textbooks for summer classes. I've been living on rice and ramen lately, and would really appreciate a warm pizza for a change. I'll be sure to pay it forward the moment I get my next paycheck.
[REQUEST] (Washington, DC) GF and I are broke, I'm cut off b/c I'm depressed, worked 12 hours between 2 jobs today, exhausted and starving. (xpost the other raop)
I was cut off by my parents a couple months ago because I've been fighting depression and they didn't like my behavior. Since then I've been struggling to finish school while blowing through my savings because of my nasty eating habit till they ran out at the end of the school year and have been living off the generosity of my gf since I picked up 2 jobs and worked 12 hours today but I haven't worked long enough to be paid. We're both broke and hungry and neither of us have eaten today (it's 9:30 here) and I need food so I can work more tomorrow!!! Once I have paychecks coming in I'll pay it forward. Thank you!!
[Request] Helping my boyfriend move; would love some pizza to get us through the rest of it
Title says it all. I'm a poor college student helping my boyfriend move into a new place, and we'd love a pizza to share tonight! Thanks!
[Request] What I will do for a pizza.
List of things I will do for a pizza.

1. Anything I would do for a klondike bar
2. upvote anything you want me to
3. send an email to your ex gf/bf telling them to fuck off.
4. thank you alot.
5. be your friend.
6. eat the pizza.
7. enjoy the pizza.
8. BE the pizza.
[Request] Spent the last 24 hours throwing up, am now in bed and really fancy a pizza! 
The Noro virus really really sucks. (England)
[Request] I will write and record you a personalized jingle/song.
Hey, RAoP. I'm a musician looking to have a little fun and get a little more experience with recording. I'm not personally requesting any food, but I'm rather offering my services for those of you out there that want a little more of an incentive to buy someone else a pizza (as if the real life karma isn't enough lol).

So here's the deal: I will write and record you a personalized (to your username) jingle/song (depends on if the creative juices are flowing) if you buy someone else a pizza!

This doesn't have to start and end right now. Let's make it a project! Buy someone requesting a pizza in this thread and I'll write you a song for it! If you want to know my capabilities, check out some of the stuff I've written and recorded at [www.jonmiklues.com](http://jonmiklues.com). If you want a song in a specific genre or style, let me know!

I'm looking forward to the challenge!
[REQUEST] Three (verified) medical students in Pittsburgh this summer doing research.  And we're almost out of loan money.
We would all really appreciate it, and would even send a picture of the three of us enjoying the said pizza (if that's your thing).  Just curious to see if this works!!!
[hungry] a simple request from california
hello fellow redditers. i am seeking assistance in the form of food for tonight. Today was rent, and after paying rent, and sending in a check for utilities, I am once again broke. I don't want to bore you with my details, but I am asking for a pizza to help ride out this recession.
[REQUEST] Entire paycheck went towards rent and utilities, would appreciate a pizza in Raleigh, NC!
Due to my own financial stupidity, and some bad timing, the entire paycheck that I receive tonight will go towards rent/late fees/utilites (specifically, water and trash.)

If anyone decides that I am in any way worthy of a pie, I will ration it off for as long as I need to (I have a few canned vegetables that will do as well.)

I will gladly pay anything back/forward, and do simple requests.

I live in Raleigh, North Carolina.

I appreciate anything in advance, even if just looking.

Gracias, amigos/as!


(Request) My daughter &amp; son &amp; I would love a little helping hand
Hi Reddit,

Before you all jump on me for being a new member, I hope you will take the chance to read my plea.  Yes, I'm new to the community, no I didn't hear about it through the news reports the other day, but rather heard about it from a family friend.  

In the past month, my life has essentially fallen apart.  My wife of 15 years has all but thrown in the towel to our marriage.  She has moved back in with her parents, and I'm living in our house with our two children, Jennifer &amp; William.  Along with this added stress, I've just lost my job as a management consultant.  So now I'm left with a broken heart, a hole in my pocket and two hungry kids to feed.

We're not in as terrible of a position as other members on here, but I was wondering if a kind member would be willing to donate a pizza so I can surprise my kids at some point, and hopefully help them get their minds off our current situation. 

Thank you all so much for even reading this.
[Request] Family in East Texas Doesn't Have any Food until Monday
Some stuff came up and we've been eating ramen noodles so long we've run of of things to put in it to taste better.  It'd be a great day to get a pizza.
[Request] College journalist could use some food
I was stuck in interviews and then transcribing them and just realized I forgot to eat before campus dining closed.  Anyone wanna send a pizza my way?  I'm in Bellingham, Wa
(request) It's my birthday and I'm in the mood for a pie.
This might seem odd, but I have had a fairly bad and disappointing birthday. I've been having a generally difficult week leading up to today and I would just appreciate a pick me up today.
[Request] Minnesota, tired and hungry teenager after a day of work.
I just got back home a bit ago and there's not much to eat (besides ramen, which gets old) and I finally have a day off tomorrow, so I would really appreciate any form of pizza right now to unwind. (Plus pizza is my life.) I'll get paid on the 4th of July and would probably return the favor!
[REQUEST] My girlfriend is having a really bad day, looking to cheer her up with a pizza...(Simi Valley, CA)
She has been running around all day panicking about school and work. She went up to campus twice to figure out financial aid stuff that the school mixed up, her hours just got cut back...AGAIN. We are looking to move out together soon, and with all of this going on I don't know how we're going to make that work and she's absolutely freaking out...and she gets grumpy when she's hungry. I just wish I could do something nice like get her a pizza but I don't have the money right now. Can anyone help?

P.S. I get a check on the 15th so I can pay you back or send you a pizza then!!
[REQUEST] Lawrence, KS. Short on rent film students. Hoping for our favorite food tonight.
The fiancé and I are short on rent and food. I just got a second job, but no pay check for two weeks. And he just started a third job that pays once a month. Please may we have our favorite food for dinner?
[REQUEST]CA,USA, GOT CC'D in paypal could use a pizza.
I had a small service going and I would just charge people in paypal for those services. A few weeks later I found out that about half of them end up charging back even though they were all "satisfied" with my services. 

Now paypal just calls me and I really don't know what to say. I don't have money to negate my - balance and could use a pizza to cheer me up. 

Here's a picture of my balance:

http://i.imgur.com/CGthQ.png
It was actually 100 something but I manage to win one dispute was too late to reply to another because I didn't check my paypal.


[Request] im so hungry... Nebraska panhandle
Just a pizza or two please ^_^
[Request] Holidays are going to be rough this year, me and the hubby could use some Holiday cheer.
Holidays are rough for our family this year, and aren't going to be that good. Kind of has us depressed. Regardless we managed to pick up a couple things for each other and our boys and would love to end our bargain hunting night with a pizza. A little holiday cheer if you will for us and the kids. 

This is simply a want, not a need. We have other things to make up in the house for dinner, just would be nice to have a pizza for a treat.. Been lurking here and other reddits once in awhile and enjoy seeing each one of you giving :) 
[request]ReallyHungryCarsBrokeDeliveryPlease?
I'm so hungry and don't have money and would be so beyond happy to get a pizza from a kind person such as yourself,I am an artist I will draw you a beautiful picture showing my appreciation. &lt;3.   SORRY. Forgot to put, VISTA,CALIFORNIA. Thanks. 
[Request] Hamilton, NZ. Broke with no food, would love pizza all up in my mouth.
Hey guys, very keen on pizza for dinner, especially as I have no plan B.
:D
[Request] For a born again eater
I recently just had surgery to have my upper and lower jaw broken. My jaw was wired shut for 6 weeks. The only thing i ate other than liquid was mashed potatoes...so now that I can eat solids, I'm giving Reddit first chance to feed me. 

P.S. I have 0 dollars as i have not been working and my mom will not pay for me as she is not a supporter of Pizza (shame on her).
(Request CT) Desperate and Destitute in CT
Sorry about the throw-away account, but my fiance reads Reddit as well.

Currently he's strapped for cash and is just making his rent and bills. He has a job lined up and will start in September. Currently he is living off rice and taco bell sauce packets. 

I just want to make his Friday night/weekend just a little bit better. 

If you could help at all, it would be much appreciated. 

[Request] Indianapolis, indiana- Help guys, I haven't had pizza in 4 months!
It's been too long, I'll take anything! 
&lt;Philly Area, Willow Grove Request&gt; Haven't eaten today b/c I don't have any money. Won't eat for a week b/c rent just went up. 
I don't want to water fast for a week. My stomach hurts and I'm not going to have any money for at least a week. I work hard as a freelance writer every day but wages are 1-2 pennies a word. When rent is $600 and I earn $1,000 in a month, that doesn't pan out for insurance, food and the other responsibilities of life. I have no insurance now, nor do I have my car inspected. Poor is an understatement. I'm days away from being homeless.
[Request] Maybe some pizza will help
Out of work pretty recently and cannot seem to find a new job. Putting up my resume to a couple more locations right after this post. Live in NC. Can anyone help a broke struggling redditor out?
[REQUEST] Today ended with a bathtub filled with rusty looking water. 
So a fellow redditor kept me company last night when I was stricken with stress induced insomnia. I never made it to sleep and had to be at work at 7:30. Spent 2 hours this afternoon in the Department of Social Services office trying to see if I qualified for any assistance. Tomorrow I will go on the 30 day processing list for SNAP, they accepted a medicaid application for me and my daughter, and put me on the 2 year waiting list for daycare assistance. I picked her up from daycare and brought her home to give her a bath and as we were filling up the tub I noticed it looked dirty. Then it looked really dirty and red. I stopped the water and got her out of the tub and checked all of our faucets. All had icky brownish red water coming out of them. Needless to say, I'm not cooking tonight and am waiting for the utility company to call me back. Would anyone like to send a pizza to Wilmington, NC to cheer up my 4 year old who thought she took a bath in blood?

{REQUEST: AB, CANADA} New to Reddit! Need help for my Daughter's birthday party.
Hi. My girlfriend told me about Reddit and random acts of pizza. I still can't believe there is people this generous out there. I need a hand with the food for my daughter's birthday party. I am a single mom of 3 kids, ages 6 months, 3 years, and 7 years. I am throwing a small party this Saturday, Oct 29th and my daughter requested pizza for supper and I'm not sure I can afford pizza for all her guests (10 girls) I would appreciate any help offered! Verification can be provided.
[Request] Centralia Washington
My ribs is touchin
Hey, i'm new to this but my friend just told me about this site. I have just moved to Centralia and got my apartment. I spent all my money for rent and have no money until the 12th. It'd be highly appreciated if someone would be able buy me a Large Pepperoni Pizza from Dominos and I will be able to pay you back. Please and thank you.
Request for an 18th birthday pizza
It's my 18th birthday today and no one has seemed to remember it! Even my parents! I know i've kept it quiet but I cant help but feel a little un-loved :( Please may I have one little moment of joy today? Even if it is just pizza :) I would be soo grateful! xxx
[Request] California, U.S.A. Am about to be homeless. A pizza would cheer me up right now.
I am packing up the belongings of the house I grew up in, before I turn the keys over to the bank. I am prepping my cat for a week and a half of boarding, so that he has somewhere to stay, while I couchsurf and scramble to find a job. I spent the last of my unemployment today hiring a U-Haul and I'm down to leftovers. I could really use some comfort food right about now, with the added bonus of having something for breakfast in the morning.

Edit: I will more than happily repay this kindness if/when I get back on my feet.
[Request] GA USA : May I have a random act?
I heard ya'll give out pizzas. Can I have one please? I really don't have a story. The honest truth is that it's 85 degrees here and I just don't feel like making the house any hotter by cooking. I've got all my fans going and it's still pretty warm in here. Can you help me out with some dinner please?
[REQUEST] Plain linguine for the last 3 days, can you help me? - Texas
Reddit I've been eating linguine (which I don't know when and why I bought) for dinner and lunch for the past 3 days since it's the only thing left in my apartment.

Proof of culinary skills: http://i.imgur.com/50K2L.jpg

I would be delighted if I could taste a pizza or something better tonight, can you please help me? :D

I can PM you the verification code.

Thanks guys!
[Request] No money for pizza.
A recent college grad with a minimum wage job. Needless to say, I'm busy paying back student loans and just don't have extra cash for something like a pizza. My fridge is rather sparse, so I was hoping for something I could eat for dinner, it'd be much appreciated!
[Request] S. Boise ID, Payday on thurdsday, getting light headed from nothing but ramen
I try not to resort to asking people for help, but I can't stand ramen anymore... 

I am trying to learn photoshop, so I can try to do some small tasks to pay you back.  
[request] 5 college kids, 2 rooms and a jar full of pennies
Reposting this hoping we might end up with some food..

...in the middle of Ohio.

As the bucket of pennies suggests we're particularly broke and warm food is hard to come. We're not getting paid until mid-February (and some of us are still looking for work). We'd greatly appreciate any help.. and a warm pizza would be great.

On our way we just passed a Chinese place and missed the lunch special (only affordable thing) by a couple of minutes so the possibility of warm food is still too real in our minds. 

(Request) just got out of Jail and would love a hot meal. Maine

[REQUEST] Atlanta Georgia First post just after hell week on campus.
Hell week is finally over and a pizza would be nice to help forget the possible failing. Actually, randomly receiving a pizza from some unknown person would be just the boost I need to forget this past week.
[Request] My friends mom kicked him out and he's living with me for a while
Can someone make the first night here a bit easier?
[Request] No money for almost a week with only 5 packs of Ramen in the apartment...
It's almost embarassing to even put this up but I really need some help.  I live in TN.  

If someone fulfills the request I will do my best to pay it forward within the month, thanks.
(Request) Going on my second day without food, could really use a helping hand!
Nothing special here, just haven't had enough money to even buy ramen noodles for the past 2 days and won't be able to eat until I get my paycheck on Friday. Any help whatsoever would be appreciated, even if it's just a link to a coupon for canned beans :P I am in the DC Area. 
[REQUEST] Student Loan Blues
We've been pretty responsible people, my Girlfriend and I.  We've worked hard, spent within our means, and have always been on time with all of our bills and rent.  It seems that last part may have gotten us in a bit of deep water.  After doing the right thing and scraping by, it has come.  My Girlfriend's student loans have kicked in.  This has been a bit of a culture shock to us, and in all honesty, we weren't prepared.  

Our total amount of bills almost doubled because of this new one.  My girlfriend has been a bit stressed of late, as have I, because it's increasingly looking like one of us(if not both) is going to have to take on a second job, or the eviction fairy shall be making it's rounds.  We have enough food for maybe one meal, and the nearest payday is next week.  It would be a great stress reliever, and an overall solid evening if me and my girlfriend could share a Pizza tonight.  

It would be double the awesome, because her absolute favorite food is pizza, and seems skeptical of this entire community(Reddit all together, not just RAOP). If one of you fine Redditors could show us the way to pizza goodness, not only will you have the good karma, and satisfaction of helping a hard working college grad out, I'll also get my girlfriend to draw you a rad picture!  Win, Win in my book.  

I'm located in NW Ohio, and at the moment we only have a Pizza Hut within the miles we have gas to make it too. Thank you in advance, and know, that I am in love with the RAOP community.  This is a true beacon of humanity.  Kudos!


[Request]: Help a few ladies out!
So I'm new to this website and not really sure what it's about. I heard through a friend though that you guys helped him out by giving him a free pizza when he was in need so I'm here today to see if you could do the same for my roommates and I. The three of us moved into our first apartment today so none of us have a job at the moment and my financial aid won't be in until next week sometime! We are in need plz help! XD
[REQUEST] Toronto, ON - lost my job recently, no food in the fridge/need last paycheck for rent (awaiting EI) 
As the title says, I recently lost my job do to contract cancellation. I would really appreciate a pepperoni pizza. I will repay the effort once I am back on my feet. I'm a bit hungry filling out all these job applications.
[Request] Daughters 16th birthday tomorrow, and I'm broke. Cedar Rapids, Iowa
She loves pizza, and I'm really low on cash. Would gladly pay it forward. Thanks
[request] I will write a touching love song using the name of your significant other and dedicated by you...for Pizza!

[REQUEST] Santa Barbara(UCSB)
Just a broke college student alone on a Saturday night that could use the company of a warm pizza
[REQUEST] Having a down day, stressed. Can I get a pizza? (Austin, TX)
Been out of work, had a job interview today... didn't go so well. It was for a translation job basically, got there and found out the hard way that they are only seeking someone who can read Traditional Chinese fluently.

I only read Simplified Chinese. Whoops. I walked in, felt really good, but then that happened... Just feel kinda dumb. Didn't even let me speak to an interviewer or anything, threw my papers from the translation test away XD.

Can I get a pizza? I was counting on getting a free one from Domino's but they ended that promo and now I'm screwed XD. Pizza or no, any cheerful comments would be appreciated as well :)
[request] Northeast Pennsylvania, USA. Hoping to have some pizza tonight.
Hey reddit, longtime redditor here.. lurked for a few years then signed up about a year ago. Been going through some rough times lately. My mother passed exactly a year ago this week (February 13th, 2011), due to colon cancer at the young age of 55, sadly I cannot make it to her grave today to tell her how much I miss her, but I'm not much for hanging around dead bodies anyway, the soul has moved on and I'm almost positive she's someplace nicer. Me and my father haven't been getting along either, he is an alcoholic, anger-ridden man.. Ana and I couldn't afford our last apartment so we tried moving in with him, to help him with bills and whatnot, and he constantly berated me. I'm not sure why he is the way he is, but I think it has something to do with his mother. When I was 12 I was a lot heavier than the other kids and she would tell me about it, in the meanest possible ways. So I'm pretty sure that's where he gets it from. Suffice it to say, living with him without my kind and compassionate mom to stop him from getting so angry was nothing short of terrible. Ana kept telling me how badly we needed to save up and get out of there, we were there for a week and then it got really bad when he found we took 2 plates of food up to our room. He started screaming and calling me names like always, telling us that we're no longer welcome, telling us to pack our bags and basically to live on the street... then I decided to be clever (sarcasm) and call him a "dick"  since he found it okay to call me every terrible name in the book, BAD move. I don't know how he heard me from the hallway, but he did. He slammed the door open, knocking over Ana's desktop computer, knocking over the desk it was set up on, and also knocking her over into our bed. He grabbed me by the throat and threw me up against the wall and started choking me out, much to Ana's dismay, she was crying and screaming at him the whole time, telling him to stop and let me go, trying to pull him off of me. Afterwards he offered us a ride to the shelter because we had her computer and all of our clothes.. we declined the offer. This was her idea. Then she gave me the best advice I have ever gotten concerning my father. Leave. Leave and never look back. He is not safe to be around. He is not a good person. So to say we've hit quite a rough patch is somewhat of an understatement. I'm not sure if this was all TMI but I really just feel a whole lot better getting it off of my chest. Ana is my hero, she really is, she is beautiful and she makes me feel like I'm actually worth caring about. If you've read this far, thank you so much.

But alas! Some good news! We both just landed new jobs yesterday. We both got hired as sales people at Sears... I know not much, but for around here it's pretty much the best we can find. I'm an IT guy, actually I'm more of a helpdesk-break/fix-troubleshooter sort of guy but I also have worked IT jobs. We do what we can to be happy and this area doesn't have many jobs so we're trying our best. We don't have a car (in a town where the buses don't even run on sunday or after 5pm any day, no joke- [www.lctabus.com/](www.lctabus.com/)) and we spent every last penny on rent. In fact, we still haven't paid our security deposit, luckily the landlord is a good lady and is understanding of our situation. So clearly there is no money for pizza. Which is upsetting, since pizza just so happens to be our favorite food, hands down. If someone can be help, we'll be sure to share it with our little puppy Horatio, who is the most adorable dog in the world,  he just turned 3 on valentines day! Here's a picture of me and him: ([Horatio and Bill](http://i.imgur.com/ohDJi.jpg)) , and for good measure here is a picture of my girlfriend/his mommy: ([Ana](http://i.imgur.com/qHmZL.jpg)) . Anyway... we will be sure to take pictures and post them, as long as they come out nice and she doesn't hate the way she looks in them. Either way we will be sure to make some sort of post thanking you. She's actually at orientation right now and I've got online training to do. Thank god we still have the internet! We're so damn lucky that one of our neighbors has unprotected wi-fi, otherwise we wouldn't get our daily Reddit fix. Sorry for the life story, just thought you should know the people who are requesting. We love you all.

.

PS: When we finally get our feet on the ground we will most definitely pay it forward. Today you, tomorrow me.

[Request] Looking to put the wife in the holiday groove after a hard week, Phoenix, Arizona
My job barely pays the bills, my food budget for the week is spent, and she's been putting extra hours in at her new retail job... so she can buy/ship all 5 of her sisters(plus parents, grandparents, ect) Christmas gifts this year since we live in a different state and won't be able to get together like they do every year.

Even if it's just a simple $5 Little Caesar's it would make her day to be able to be able to 'eat out' instead of the same meals I cook(she works  evenings) day in and out :P
(REQUEST) YOUNG COUPLE HUNGRY AND CANT AFFORD ANYTHING
hey reddit,
         
                  we are a 23 and 22 year old married couple no kids or anything but my wife is a student and i work at a crap job. i dont get paid til the end of the week and she just had to deal with some family problems so i was trying to cheer her up. i dont want to go into details abot what shes going through or anything. its personal but i can assure you even the smallest thing at this point would cheer her up. i just love her so much and hate to see her upset. ive used this site before and have bought pizzas for people before i was just wondering if i could possibly get one today and i could pass the favor on at the end of the week. thanks for at least reading this i hope you find it in your heart to help us. thanks again.
[Request] Not really the type to beg but I only have .08 cents in the bank till Wednesday and I don't feel like eating spaghetti noodles and butter for dinner again, I can return the favour when I get paid. Canada
Ottawa Ontario, Canada
[Request] I fancy some pizza, and also running a few choose your own adventures
Ok I'd like some pizza and thought maybe I could entertain some people to get some.  Hell even if I don't get pizza I'll entertain XD  So make a root comment, with a few topics you want involved, and I'll begin an interactive adventure with you!!

[REQUEST](Memphis, TN) Just had to pay rent. Can pay forward on the 15th. 
Just had to throw down some hefty change on the rent bill and now I'm really hungry. Anyone out there care to help me out?
[REQUEST] redditor in pa wants pizza
my family is away on vacation. I have three dollars to my name and no license.  basically broke, hungry staying in on a saturday.  If anyone one would like to buy me pizza I would be sure to pass it on sometime later this week.
[Request] Florida, pretty please?
i'm broke, i'm hungry. i'm sure you've heard it all before. a pizza would make my night (and hopefully make this headache disappear)! is it too presumptuous to say thank you in advance? :)
[Request] Chicago, IL - Check lost in the mail, $0.25 in the bank account, and out of ramen
Hey there.

I've been struggling the past few months but this week has been a little rougher than most.  A check I was expecting from a temp job I had worked was lost in the mail and it sounds like I won't receive the reissued one until later this week or early next week.  My bank account is looking real sad right now and I've used up the last bit of my spare change to cover transit fare.  I've been eating a lot of rice and ramen but some pizza would be really nice if anyone could help.

Thanks for reading :)
[Request]No money until Wednesday
Hello Reddit, 

I won't be getting any money until Wednesday and our fridge is bare. My wife and I would really appreciate a pizza if possible. I know others might need it more, but if possible we would really appreciate it. As soon as I land a job (2 prospects in the works) I would love to pay it forward of course. Anything to get a slice next to my name :P jk

Thanks Reddit and Redditors for all the laughs. 

[request] pizza is yummy, and I am broke! Bellingham, WA.
It's 730 am where I am and would love a pizza for lunch!  No sob story here, I'm not starving, I'm not dying, just a student on a budget who would love to have a pizza!  If someone finds it in their heart to bestow a pizza upon me, I'll pay back right before Christmas to make someones holiday better! Anyways, Cheers!
[Request] Going on a flight tomorrow morning. Some pizza would be awesome courage food.
Leaving for a flight early tomorrow (I can show you my online boarding pass) Needless to say flying makes me a little jittery and pizza is a big comfort food for me, would probably help me sleep.

I also have a confirmation code thingy if you want to see it.

Many thanks pizza givers!
[Request] Car needed repairs, could use pizza - Brisbane, Australia
Hey guys, after a long week at work I could really use a pizza. I had to get my car fixed this week and it ate up all my monies except for enough to get to work for the next week. I know there probably isn't many Australians on here but it's worth a try. Worst thing about being broke? Missing Nirvana Live at the Paramount at the cinema for its only screening to mark the 20th anniversary of Nevermind.
[Request] pizza for my lover
I lost my job, maybe someone would help a couple out?
[Request] My Birthday Yesterday Was a Disappointment, Could Use A Pie to Cheer Me Up :(
Things didn't go quite as planned and I ended up watching my bf play video games all night in a friend's basement along with the privilege of being DD for the hour-long drive home. I'd just like to feel a bit special, even if it's a day late. 
[Request] Student intern in NYC
I moved to nyc for the summer in order to complete an digital effects internship and am currently working that and 2 other jobs waiting tables/bar backing in order to stay afloat. This city has been tearing me apart financially on top of my college loans and I would greatly appreciate the help of ROAP to help fill my belly with delicious pizza as opposed to the ramen noodles and cheese sandwiches I've become accustom to. 
[REQUEST] Haven't been on in awhile... could use a pizza :) 
It's just me tonight.. my kiddos are gone for the night and i would really like to enjoy a pizza i haven't been on in awhile due to very rude people so i'm just asking if you are not gonna say anything nice and you only want to talk negative then pass this up and don't post because you are wasting your time being negative. no sob story or nothing just hungry with a night to myself. thanks RAOP!! :)
(Request) First Thanksgiving by myself, ain't got a thing to cook and of coarse I'm broke like a stone. Athens Georgia.
My names Marcus and I live in Georgia. Basically I got uninvited to a dinner party tomorrow and I'm stuck out of luck in the food department until Sunday. I got some tuna but no bread or mayo, 2 cans of chef boyardee, a few hamburger pattys but no buns, and a can of black beans. That's the literal contents of my fridge and pantry, and while it's better than nothing at all like some folks have I'm a little less than thankful this year.

My mom died last year and I'm still paying out of pocket to get everything situated with that. If I have any other family I don't know them so spending the holidays with anyone is out of the question. My girlfriend went up to Tennessee but I couldn't get off work so eating with her family is out of the question. And my best friend of over three years told me flat out today his wife doesn't want me to come because her parents are going to be there. So for the first time in my life I'm completely alone on turkey day and it's depressing the heck out of me.

So yeah, no family or friends or money means no black olives, turkey, gravy, those little marshmallows, etc for me tomorrow. Any way I could score some pizza money today so I can get some wings or something? I'd much rather warm something up tomorrow than eat a can of plain tuna or some lousy canned spaghetti. Thanks for any help or well wishes you might offer.
[REQUEST] Parents leaving for a bit, but I have to save all of my money for gas to go see my girlfriend for my birthday this Saturday
I have a part time job but Pizza Hut (ironic?) Corporate is forcing our store to give less and less hours; I only got around 13 this week. So any offers with pizza hut and I get a 20% discount (I think so, they took our 50% break discount so I don't know if I still get the 20% one). To see my girlfriend costs 150 dollars in gas to pick up and drop her off back at her house. Kinda want the cheesy bites pizza because my co-workers get pissed off every time someone orders one! XD Seriously though they are a huge pain to make...Oh! I also have to save all of my money because I may be homeless/living in my girlfriends closet soon... :(

EDIT: I should add today has been a really depressing day, and frozen chicken isn't exactly comfort food

EDIT2: I actually don't like pizza hut pizza all that much, at least not compared to dominos

Any pizza would be appreciated!
[Request] Rhode Island, USA. Just moved into a new apartment with a teething baby.
I have just about zero in the way of extra cash, recently shelled out a bunch to move, but cooking just seems like the most daunting task in the world right now with the kiddo so miserable.

I just need me a bacon and pineapple pizza to curl up with on the couch while I nurse the baby into a milk coma.  
(Request) US, KY. I'm sick, fridge is empty, mom works from 4 AM to 6PM and doesn't get paid for another week and a half.
I don't like asking for things (hence me using a side account), but my mom and I could really use some food. I haven't been able to find a job, and she works ultra hard, but w/o child support we can't even pay rent. I think the only thing we have to eat is some canned pineapples. If you want proof I'm an active redditor and not just a beggar, I'll send a screen shot of me logged into my real account or w/e. I just don't want my friends to know about my situation. Thank you for this wonderful website! (sorry I don't have any cats.) 
[REQUEST] Pizza for some firefighters tonight - Warrenton VA
I volunteer at a firehouse and we love pizza!!
[REQUEST]Out ramen and canned meat. I gotta eat but I dont get paid till friday.
Someone help a hungry college student away from home get dinner for tonight. I just started my job three weeks ago and won't get paid till this friday. I ran out of food three days ago. Before I got to that point, I was only eatin ramen and canned meats. Please someone help remind me how Pizza tastes. I will greatly appreciate it.
[Request] Poor students, tried to make pizza, only available toppings were stir fry paste and Frosties, help
http://imgur.com/z1Be3
We cannot afford further toppings and thought better of going through with the chili, basil and Frosties combination. Please would you buy us pizza, made by a professional with the correct materials.
[Request] Unknowingly ate week old bad lasagna because it was the only food. Could use a real meal to settle my stomach.
Out of work right now. Looking for a new job. Got home last night, ate lasagna, went to bed and woke up puking into my trashcan around 4 hours later. I've spent all day in bed feeling like shit instead of out applying at places. I only have 200 bucks in my account and I have no idea how long that'll have to last me. I'd be willing to repay the favor with my first paycheck.

Because I live in a guest house Dominos is a must. The pizza tracker tells me when to expect delivery and go to the main house, meaning I can wait in bed while it's cooking.
[Request] Story of Pizza and Love
Hello RoaP! I just want to go into a small amount of detail in this post and tell you guys how much we're in love. I will keep this post as appropriate as possible for the amount of detail I'll be going in to.


I was with my girlfriend on her 18th birthday and she really wanted to go down to the arcade. We're a new couple, so of course I'm trying to look cool in front of her so I say something along the lines of "Alright, if you really want to," when really I wanted to shout at the top of my excitement "ARE YOU SURE IT'S YOU'RE BIRTHDAY AND NOT MINE BECAUSE I LOVE THE ARCADE, WOOOOO--"


So we're at the arcade playing these goofy silly games, like the game where you put a quarter in and you watch your quarter go down into a pile of quarters and there is a metal bar that just might push more quarters down into the prize pit and ANYWAY, we're having fun.


So she eventually has to go to the little girl's room and she forgets to bring her phone. I took her phone and started counting up our tickets when all of a sudden her phone gets a text and a picture of her best friend's face pops up on the screen. I don't like to go through other peoples texts, but I see the word "Tony" before I put the phone back in my pocket, which is my first name.
So I read just the 1 text. It states:
"Tony better remember what you asked for last week."
My stomach got this twisted feeling of "oh crap how could I forget." 


!!!!! 


JUST THEN --- A pizza delivery guy from the pizza place right next door is walking out to his car about to leave, so I rush him and scream "hey wait!". I ask him what kind of pizza, how much was it, and paid him in full plus a 10$ tip. I asked him to hold the pizza for a minute, and ran across the street to the joke shop and bought a gag sausage (don't ask me why there was one there, I wasn't paying attention at the time.)


I took the gag sausage back to the pizza, took out my pocket knife, and cut up a slice small enough to look similar to a pepperoni. Next, I took a pen and paper and wrote a note and pinned it down with a candle on top and just then, she's walks out of the bathroom and I start singing happy birthday. People around the room joined in and we all clapped for her as she blew out the candle.


She has this ear to ear smile that is to die for. She gave me a fairly large 'thank you' kiss and said "I thought you forgot!".


She took the note off of the fake pepperoni and read it. "I will love you until the last pepperoni fades." she starting crying like she just won the lottery.

---- Now, fast forwarding 5 years later, we are still happily together and enjoying our youth, but her birthday is today and I plan to have dinner with her this evening.


I would love to see someone else kind enough to pass down a pizza to a young couple in love.
[Request] Soon to have all the pizza I could possibly want but for now...broke
I got a job at Dominos recently but they are having trouble getting me through the system and it is taking forever to actually start my training. So if I get a pizza tonight instead of eating PBJ I will pay it forward very soon.
[Request] DFW, TX -- Broke and the ramen's all gone.
Been living off ramen and beans 'n rice for the past few weeks. Ate my last ramen yesterday for lunch. Don't have much to offer but I'll do what I can to trade.
[Request] Help Put A Smile On A Saint's Face
My father used to order my mother a pepperoni pizza and an order of breadsticks for the two of them to share (My younger brother and I would have our own). He included a special request to have the pepperonis arranged in a smile and would personally place 2 breadsticks on the pizza to give it a mustache. 

This always put a smile on her face. My younger brother has autism and my mother has Multiple Sclerosis but has still been working her ass of through the pain.

She lost her job at the end of last August and a month later my father passed away. I just got off the phone with her and she was holding back tears. I really want to make her smile by bringing back some of the good memories of my father and reminding her that there is good in the world.

I do not have a credit card and only have $4 in my bank. I would really like to send her a smiley-face pizza. Can anyone help me put a smile on the most wonderful woman in the world's face?

I promise to pay it forward as soon as I have the funds.

**Edit**
USA - AL
[Request] Broke student seeks pizza (UK)
Hey Reddit,

Basically, I've had to pay out £50 in taxi fees to get to hospital in the last week, which has been almost my entire budget for the week. A pizza tonight would really take the edge off.

All the best,
stordoff
(Request) A random pizza would be great...(Florida)
On 07/17/11 at 11:30 My wifey and I became parents for the first time.  We were not in great financial standing to begin with, but I have done everything I could over the last few months to buy things to have us ready for the baby, and everything is doing great there.

However, wifey is already starting to feel the post-partum depression setting in.  She feels like we will never be able to enjoy life again because money is a little tight right now.  We both have jobs, etc. so things will be better.  However the tastiest food we have had is Hamburger Helper made with 70/30 beef in the past week and a half.

And so, a random pizza would be great...

TL;DR New Baby, The mother is depressed because we are eating out of cans already, trying to lift her spirits.

Can provide proof of everything above.

[request] Fayetteville AR - I am not Frodo Baggins, nor was meant to be, would someone order Mordour's Pizza for me?
http://www.mordours.com/
[Request] At home, hungry, lonely, beat up and broke. 
Well, this is my first time on RAoP. So I figured I'd try it out. I'm home sick today, don't have my license (thank you bureaucracy), with a beat up leg (http://i.imgur.com/jrQCk.jpg), broke (http://i.imgur.com/DNEEd.jpg ) (The irony is the picture of the contents of my wallet has 'need' in the URL). Anyways, if someone could get me some pizza before 5 today, I would love you forever. Anyways, thanks in advance.
P.S. Just whacked my head getting up to get my iphone to take some proof pics. Anyways :P
[REQUEST] Surprise Pizza
I really want to try this. I'll order a pizza and surprise my Mom when she gets home. If this works i'm gonna give back when I get cash!

Genral Location is Idaho. Thanks Reddit
[Request] Broke college student in Atlanta who loves pizza..someone wanna help me out? :D

[REQUEST] Cheapest possible pizza, please?
Not gonna give you a very long sap story; just a poor college kid who would love an upturn of his day.

Thanks! 
[Request] Avoided an accident, missed an exam, would love to stress eat some cheesy goodness! (MD)
So I've been studying for a test all morning and FINALLY felt confident that I was going to get a good grade. So I get in my car to drive to class, get onto the highway, start going about 60MPH...and my front tire pops. 

I honestly do not know how I didn't get in an accident. It was really terrifying. So, now all of my money will be going towards buying new tires. I also missed my test :( 

I hate having a sob story but I would seriously love some pizza to celebrate not being injured/dead. Thanks for reading! 
[USA] [Request] One pizza, with extra love?...
Starving college student who's eaten frozen fish-sticks for the past few days and just looking for a good meal!

In return, when money is available to me, I will buy the person a pizza.
[REQ] Just found out about this place, Figured I might as well ask.
Well, I do tech support here in Fayetteville, NC. I got sick a couple of weeks ago and had to go to the doc. I don't have insurance yet, so that tapped out my savings, to start. It also got slow at work, which meant I had to leave early several days in a row.

I just barely made rent. I had 5 bucks left to go grocery shopping on. I bought a 10lb bag of rice and some flavorings (pizza sauce, soy sauce, salsa that was on sale) and have been eating that for the last week. At this point, I just want something with some flavor. I get paid on the 20th, and would love to buy a pizza or two then for someone.

Just figured I would ask. It may work, it may not. Never know.
[Request, St. Catharines, Ontario] My freezer shut off in the middle of the night.
I hope I'm doing this right, it feels really weird asking for something, but it would really make me feel better. I'm in university and I'm really broke, my rent and groceries cleaned me out earlier this week and last night my freezer turned off and spoiled all of my newly bought groceries. I tried to make pizza for lunch with toast and tomato sauce but it turned out pretty shitty.

++Warning, the link has very loud background music, turn speakers down++
[This](http://www.twicethedealpizza.com) is where my room-mates and I normally get our pizza since it's the cheapest place in town, we normally get the "Godzilla deal" two XL pizzas with 3 toppings for 20 bucks and normally get onions, tomatoes and bacon. 

Thank you so much, as soon as my next paycheck comes in someone can expect to be getting some pizza. Reddit is awesome no matter what Anderson Cooper says. 
[REQUEST] My truck got stollen last night!!
So my truck was stollen from my car port last night :(. An 88 Toyota Pickup. Why anyone would want it is a mystery to me. Probably just stoll it for parts and tires. Anyhoo, it's shitty and I think a nice pizza would cheer me up and make the research I need to do to find a new (new to me :)) vehicle a little easier to deal with. 
[request] It's been a tough month and being away from the family sucks, especially now. Hungry :(
I recently moved out to AZ from LV and well... my story consists of heartbreak, pawning of items, and basically picking myself up from the ground.

I'll be more than glad to share my story, but honestly I could use a pizza. I've got no money for dinner and i've been making due with some ramen but yeah...It'd be nice to have a pizza.

I'm usually on the other end of this but this time I could really use the help.
[Request]I'm on the stress and poverty diet, but it's my cheat day.
I'm lucky that internet comes part and parcel with my rent. I work retail grocery and summer hours are murder on the wallet. I have to hustle managers just to get a good 20-25 hours a week, when I used to push the part time hour limit. 

I hate begging, but my stomach is scoffing at me and calling me a proud asshole. So here I am :). Just one is all I ask.
[Request] Indiana, USA Would love some pizza for what seems to be a very busy work day.
I've recently been put on a rather large project from my employer. Combine that with trying to learn some light web development and trying to improve my understanding of XHTML and CSS 3.0, and I am put in a position where it seems like I have no free time. Money has been tight, so while I have a budget that keeps me fed, it's mostly just rice and other odd little things that don't cost a whole lot. I think if someone were awesome enough to gift me a pizza right now, it would help me stay sane right now. :)

Would certainly pizza it forward after this large project is done near the middle of the month (right before Christmas it seems).

Would also be willing to assist someone in simple or perhaps slightly complicated HTML/CSS work if requested. I'm sure I can find a little bit of time to answer questions or give advice. That's pretty much my forte. Just don't ask me about jQuery. That seems to be my kryptonite!
[Request] New York City Just arrived back home from school and would love some pizza tonight.
No sad story or anything, just a broke college student (I have a part time job but most of the money goes to paying rent/food and paying down student loans early) who would love some pizza for dinner tonight. It is either the pizza or Cheerios with no milk for dinner. Help me out with either papa johns or dominos.

If someone gives me a papajohns gift card, I will use code that gives you the free pizza with an order of $10 and pay it forward in this subreddit tomorrow night!

THANK YOU!!!
[REQUEST] Would really appreciate a pizza for myself, my friend and her son!!!
My friend has helped me with a place to stay and food until I get on my feet and she is having a difficult time herself as a single mother of 1. She didn't need to help me out but after my daughter had open heart surgery I lost everything and after being homeless and hungry for the last 8 months her helping me recently is helping me get my whole life back on track.  She doesn't have much but still is giving and got me out of the homeless shelter!

We do have food so if there's anyone going without please help them.  If there's more to go around we sure could use it and I know her and her son would be very grateful!  Thanks!
[Request] Pizza around the NJ area?
I am an out of work phlebotomist struggling to get by at the moment while I find another hospital to work at.  The bills are piling up and I have no money to pay them.  What bothers me the most about my situation is that my boyfriend, who is super patient and cooperative with me while i'm losing my mind trying to find a job, helps me however I need to whether it is financial or a simple hug at the end of his long day to cheer me up a bit.  I am very upset that I lost my independence...

My boyfriend has been on a diet (Keto) for a few months, and he has decided that he is going to have a "cheat day" on his birthday which is in a few days. He has been my rock through these long months and I have nothing to give to him and no money to buy him a gift or even cook him something for his cheat day.  He has done so much for me and all I want to do is give something back to him.  If there is anyone out there that can help me out on his birthday, I'd be so happy!  Even if I can't get a proper gift for him, I think pizza on one of his cheat days should suffice :)

Once I get back on my feet, I am going to send a pizza to some lovely redditors to return the kindness.  
[REQUEST] finals, Drexel University
Drexel University is almost done with finals week
and I think a great reward for all the students pulling 
all nights and what not would be free pizza

so if theres anyone in west philly that is willing to donate pizza to hardworking students for a midnite pizza party it would be much appreciated

I would be more than happy to help with delivery/getting into the library, or the new learning terrace
[request] locked my self out
Hey Reddit. This is my call in hope to get something warm to eat today.
This morning I locked myself out of my flat. It is really cold here and my flatmate will come home in at least 7 hours... when he arrives, all the shops here will be closed so my plan of buying dinner just disappeared. I went to my university so at least i will not freeze to death. Maybe someone of you can make my day a little bit better.
[Request]Help this Ohio couple with 3 kids brighten their day. 
Short version of my sob story:  We receive food stamps (husband laid off, both of us also working on our bachelors degrees) which honestly keeps us through the month pretty well.  Food stamp card broke in half and can't find a store to honor it.  We ordered a new card but it won't be here for 7-10 business days. Out of pretty much everything but can visit a food pantry day Monday to make ends meet. Right now things are bleak. 

I have a hidden bag a marshmallows in  the back of the cupboard and some wood in the back yard - would love a pizza lunch/dinner and then surprise them with some flaming 'mellows.  


[request] broke til payday and hungry (queens, ny)
Im just riding it out until next Friday and I'm tired of eating grapes and popcorn. 
[REQUEST] Fresno, CA Friend's uncle committed suicide would like to give him some guy time complete with pizza, beer, and halo
One of my close friends is in need of some guy time, his family moved back east and after his uncle committed suicide last week he's been a little torn up (he had to go to the funeral alone). I would like to give him some solid man grieving time. A friend gave me some beer from a party he threw last week but if someone could give me a coupon to Papa Johns I promise to do the same next month.

I'm running short this month due to some legal fees I had to pay and some of the extra money I make as a contractor won't get into my bank account till the end of the month. All in all this is just shitty timing.
Does anyone do fun requests? -- Will do what is most upvoted, for a pizza. -- (need a sponsor)
Title says it all.

Been reading this subreddit for a little while. Noticed some fun offers. What about fun requests?

I will either do whatever gets the most upvotes. Or if I can't, I will surrender, and let you pass the pizza on to someone else.

**Pizza sponsor CAN be different from the suggesters**

This could be fun.
[Request] I picked a horrible time to change jobs...
I just recently took a job opportunity, and finished out my two weeks at my previous employers. The overlap in training has left me with no money for my bills, my brother's wedding, or food. I'm kind of struggling and just seeing if anyone would like to lend a hand. I have lurked here for a while and will certainly pay the favor forward as soon as I get on my feet at the new job. Atlanta, GA,USA here
[REQUEST] A pizza for a broke comp sci student, France, Caen Normandie
Hello guys, This time of the year is really rough on me, I had to find a 6 month long internship. I found it but I used all my monies on stamps, letters bus tickets and calls (200 places called woohoo !).
I could use a tasty tasty pizza tonight (it's ~9pm right now in France).
I posted another sumission 2 hours ago and it seems that it ended up in the spam filter, let me know if I should delete this one.
Have a great day !
[request] moving out pie
Would love some grub as I'm in the process of moving out. Last bit if my check went to final months rent but fuck all that, a free pie would make anybody's day. 
[Request] Husband got laid off. 
My husband got laid off on Wednesday. We have leftovers for tonight but would really appreciate some pizza this weekend. I'm breastfeeding so I need lots of carbs!
[Request][N.Ireland,UK] Would love a Pizza
kinda skint at the moment, no cigs, empty fridge and won't have any money until friday :( a pizza would really hit the spot and cheer me up :) I've been in this predicament before and have considered asking here but I've never found it easy asking for stuff, letting pride get in the way I suppose, will pay it back when I can.
[Request] My best friend's birthday! I want to lift her spirits a little.
Tomorrow is my best friend's birthday and lately she's been going through a financial rut. She and her mother live alone in a small house which they've been paying out the ass for. There have been many instances where I'll intentionally over bake something so I can give the extra to her and her mother. Unfortunately, I don't have the funds to buy her a pizza myself since I splurged on another gift I thought she might like.
[Request] Has no money, unable to drive, I will trade steam games for a pizza.
My parents are on vacation and my sister left for the day, but forgot to leave some money for me to order a pizza or something like that. I'm too young to drive, (Maryland driving laws are blah) I was able to get enough change in quarters to make some sort of tip, but no where near enough to pay for a pizza. I have no cooking ability whatsoever, and a pizza sounds amazing.

However, although I don't have a credit card, I do have a saved one on steam, so I will trade any steam game(s) from $1-$15 (with some flexibility)

[Request] Bought a new house with an old oil furnace. Filled up the tank for the first time and discovered an uber leak. Now I have oil all over my basement floor, and I'm up to my eyeballs in debt trying to fix it. A pizza would really make my day. 
I'm in Brainerd, MN. Anything is incredibly appreciated. Thanks, Reddit. 
[Request] Veggie Pizza for In Debt Couple paying Medical Bills in Austin, TX
Hi,
I had surgery three months ago to reconstruct my acl and meniscus. Because of the physical nature of my job I have been unable to work for the past three months although I have started back up this week past week so hooray for that. We do have insurance to pay much of the bills for which I am thankful, but the bills we have had to pay have wiped us out and put us in debt. No money in the bank account until Friday when my husband gets paid and in the meantime no food in the pantry but rice and beans which we've been eating every single night this week.
I've never asked for assistance before and feel slightly unworthy when there are people with no food in their pantry out there. Still, if anyone can spare us a pizza tonight we'd be very grateful. We're vegetarians so please no meat. I will be happy to pay the pizza forward next month when I get my first paycheck.
Thank you.
[Request] Galway, IRELAND - Waiting nearly 2 weeks to get paid, out of cash and food... be on my feet in a couple of days again
I don't know if anybody can help, with almost everyone on here being US based, but if you can, I would really appreciate it.

I'm starting to think if quitting and getting unemployment wouldn't be better (We have a good system in Ireland, terribly abused though).

I'm not fussy, anything at all really.

Edit: It's rolling towards 10pm here, so I'll just mention that when this post is more than 2-3 hours old it'll be ok until another time. No late delivery in my city, as far as I know. Cheers.
[Request] sadly.. hungry in GR, MI
I ate a part of a left over salad last night and I haven't eaten anything since. I will continue to be in this situation until I can be able to take the money I work hard for to set some aside to put a little bit of groceries in my home of 7 people. I am one of 3 people working to pay bills so that there is electricity in it and a working phone, ect. I have no where else to turn and I am in need of help. I hate feeling this desperate and could use a helping hand this once. thank you.
[request] California USA I WANT PIZZA!!! :P
If anyone could spare a papa john code or wanna trade for amazon lemme know.
[REQUEST] Family of four decorating the tree and would love an easy dinner of Pizza! :)
Decorating the Christmas tree (finally) and would love an easy and delicious dinner of pizza. This is our first time posting here and i must say its pretty damn awesome... whether we get pizza'd or not we will try and pizza someone soon! :)
[Request] Broke. Wife left me because I'm broke. Just heard about this from a friend. Anyone feeling generous?
(Bay Area, California) I just lost my job about a month ago. I'm at 0 in savings. A friend told me about this. I just want to eat some dinner. Hope everyones having a great day.
[Request]Negative 4.83$ in my account until tomorrow... will more than likely be charged another 20$ for insufficient funds... Could really use some food in my stomach... [MA][US]
Well, i assume you want to hear why i went negative.... I put gas in my car this morning (I had 10 or so dollars) but in reality, when i used my card at a gas station 2 days before, it was run through as credit and didnt come out until this afternoon, leaving me with negative funds.  I do not get paid until tomorrow and probably wont eat until around 1-2 PM when my check goes through (direct deposit) Any help is appreciated, and i'll be sure to repay the favor.  God bless.

[Request] Cincinnati, OH need piksa plox
I'm in Cincinnati and my automatic bill pay screwed me over for the rest of the week.  It's really my fault, but I just ran out of cheeze-its.  I have 4 Dota 2 keys if anyone still actually needs them.
(Request)Reddit, I know it's late, but I'm running on fumes here.
It's my birthday, and I'm spending it hungry, alone, broke, amd homeless. I don't really want to ask for much, but I'm so hungry and I haven't eaten anything but dry cheerios for the past two days, and I just found out of this place. If anyone could help me, god, I would be so thanlful and appreciative. Anything I could do to return the favor or pay it forward, I swear I will do. Cause I mean, I know how it is, everyone has low points and needs help sometimes.
Broke stoners on 4/20 [Request]
It's 4/20, I'm in Ithaca NY, and I just smoked an 8 bowl session with 12 of my friends and an awesome mom, so I have pretty serious munchies but no food and would be very grateful for the donation of a plain pizza. Happy holidays fellow stoners. 
[REQUEST] - can you help me get my sister a pizza?
My sister, an amazing person, is in a bit of a financial pinch. I really want to try to do something nice for her, but I'm in a bad patch myself. If anyone would be willing to help me send her and her family (husband, presschool son) a pizza to start off a nice weekend, I would appreciate it greatly. Thanks so much in advance for the consideration.
[Request] Minneapolis, US. First timer here! Broke until next paycheck, terrible day at work, and no one to hang out with tonight. I would love a pizza!!
I will pay it forward as soon as I get paid, as this subreddit has helped renew my faith in humanity. 
I'm one of those college grads (Master's degree) with a massive amount of debt working in a soul-sucking non-related field, and have not budgeted enough for food this month. I get paid on Friday, but would love a good pizza tonight, and low and behold my funds won't allow for it. So, any help would be so much appreciated. 
(Request) Last day to use my coupon and I'm broke, can you help? ATL GA
I got a coupon in the mail last time I ordered from Dominos for a free medium pizza next time I place an order. Well today's the last day it's valid and I am completely busted. Would anyone please be kind enough to float me a gift card to Dominos so I can get something to eat and get to use my coupon? It seems like a shame to let it go to waste. If you can  hook me up than thank you, if not its but it's not the end of the world. Thanks Random Acters.
[Request] No water to cook with plus no transportation. 
I live with my mom, sister, uncle, aunt, and grandmother. Our water was cut off a couple days ago due to financial reasons. Plus, our family has no form of transportation and we live in rural North Carolina so there is basically no public transportation and we have a hard time getting to stores to get food. We have been living off ramen and sandwiches for a couple weeks now we all need some sort of break. Since I live somewhat far away from other Redditors so any type of egift card would be great. For some reason just about all of our utilities are cut off except for power and internet/phone. I'm sure that any type of help would be greatly appreciated. I'm not exactly sure how to verify my story because of limited resources but if you have an easy way to verify than say.
Thanks
[Request] Game night alone
Finally getting around to having a night to myself (no gf) and video games. Little did I know that we haven't gone food shopping in over a week and neither of us gets paid until this friday.

Would definitely appreciate it and have no problem returning the favor or paying it forward once i can afford it :) 
{request} Large family would love some pizza 
Two families living together 10 people 4 adults 6 kids ages 11, 11 , 9, 7, 6 , 4 would love some pizza tonight we're broke and being evicted soon (can show proof) we get foodstamps but we're out of food and won't get foodstamps till the 10th . any help would be greatly appreciated , thank you ! i won't be able to check my messages again until about 3pm so i might not respond withing minutes , thanks
[Request] Ireland, will do anything for pizza, I haven't eaten in days!

[REQUEST] Girlfriend is graduating, and we have to move out by the end of the month. A little 'za would go a long way! California USA
Our rent spiked up by $120 (now being charged for Water and Garbage, monthly pet rent, and increased rent rate) coincidentally on the same month she is graduating college, so things have been a bit crappy the past two weeks. All of our money has gone to the new place, and I know some Dominos would bring her some much needed relief, if even for a night. I appreciate even checking out my post, thanks everybody!
[Request] They just pulled the plug on my grandfather.
Hey guys, sorry to come in my first time with a really, really depressing post. I was actually introduced to this place a month or so ago and was planning on having my first entry be a 3-pizza giveaway once I got my financial aid in, but I could really use the tiniest bit of support right now.

I just got the news that my grandfather had his ventilator removed and normally I think I'd be fine with dealing with this, but I think it's because I'm by myself in my apartment (my friends all have plans) and most of my family is up in Jersey to say goodbye, I'm having a rough time. As I'm said, I'm new, and don't quite know how to verify this, but heck, I'll take some kind comments at the very least. Seems like a very loving subreddit, so I suppose I'm just looking for a support outlet somewhere.

Thanks, guys.

EDIT: Orlando, Florida. Sorry, forgot to put that in the title.
[request]Waterbury, CT. Slow week=no money. Anyone wanna feed me and my receptionist today?
I run a Auto shop in CT and it's been a really slow few weeks. We've been eating ramen and honey buns all week and would love to pig out on a big greasy cheesy pizza. Can anyone help us out today? Thanks for the love!!!
[REQUEST]Kalamazoo, Michigan: In love and out of reach. 
My lover and I are far, far away from each other. We are both struggling with income and I want to do something nice for him tonight. 

Is there anyone who would help me to send him a pie? I'm sure he's hungry.
[Request] Would love a pizza right now. [Salt Lake City, UT]
I would love a pizza right now. I don't have much money and am really craving a pizza. Please help, it'd be awesome.
[Request] A couple roommates hungry for dinner
My roommate and I are moving in the next couple of weeks and we both are pretty much out of money due to rent, utilities, and such. We're planning on having a game night tonight and would love if some kind redditor would be willing to donate a pizza to help us game into the night and forget about our money problems.
[Request] Idaho, USA $3 to my name until this Thursday.
I get paid towards the end of the week, and have been living off of Ramen and cut up hot dogs for the past three days. The money I have left in my account is going to (hopefully) buy me enough gas to get to and from work till pay day.  I'm to the point to where if I eat any more of the same stuff, I'll probably vomit.

An online friend told me about this sub-reddit so I figured I would give it a shot, and would be more than willing to lend a helping hand to someone who is in my position in the future. 
[Request] May I please have a pizza.
This is my first time here, I would love to see how it works. So, may I please have a pizza. 
[Request] We are sweating it out today with no AC and are getting hungry. Anyone out there in a position to help our little family out with a pizza?
We are two parents and a school age child trying to keep cool on this miserably hot day. A friend told me about this site and said she had luck with it a few weeks ago. If there is a person out there who could help out our little family with a pizza, I would be eternally grateful. We get paid next Tuesday and Thursday and would be glad to pay it back then. Thanks, sure hope this works.
Got spam filtered in the other subreddit. [Request] Ft. Collins CO, starving 20 something.
I have nothing in particular to barter. I have no huge sob story. Im just a recexnt college's grad that is currently down on his luck. I am from Ft. Collins, CO and am a recent CSU graduate. Things are looking up for me. I passed the certification test to be a Pharmacy Technician so hopefully i can get a job soon. In the mean time, the generosity of a redditor is currently the only way im going to be able to eat today/.tomorrow. Thanks in advance regardless of the outcome of this.
{request}Pizza for dinner 
Hi ROAP, We are a family of 5 going through a really bad time. My mother in law has been in and out of the hospital sick. Our car broke down 3 times within the last two months taking most of our money to fix as we depend on it very much. I have 2 children one with a disabilty so we really needed to fix our car. We are trying to make our food stretch but would really enjoy some pizza. Thanks for taking the time to read.
[REQUEST] Anyone wanna send an old man some wings?  The hot sauce keeps the chill out!
http://imgur.com/7CIFp

Hungry ol' man here... No monies... Please help!
[request] Something to eat for my family. I messed up. UK
Nobodys fault but mine, i didnt get my card out of the atm quick enough. ( i dropped my bag and all my stuff fell out ) It was eaten ( by the machine ) and blocked..   we only just got paid and we have no food. I need to wait a few days for the new card to arrive. This is soooo stupid but i feel really bad. Im not the only one who will be hungry becuase of this. Please please.  


I know this is a new acc but i am a active redditor of a few years , can pm you if you like. A friend is also a reddior ,has started checking on me and dont want to worry them as i know she cant help.



[Request]. Reddit, I just scoured the house for all of our change to pay our very late rent. We have no money in the bank. It's embarrassing to be this poor. 
My husband doesn't get paid until Friday, and until then we have no money.  I took the week off to study for MCAT, and now I regret taking the time off. If you're in Tucson, I'd be willing to trade some pizza for some...adult herb?
[Request] Dekalb would enjoy some fine pie
Hello i am in college and i have not had pizza since the roommates left for summer, i live two houses from a pie jiont and have been smelling the good stuff all day, do not have the funds and it would make my day to nom on some za'  Thanks
[Request] Memphis, TN. If it can't unlock my car, I'll just eat it.
Dreamin' of a Pizza, waiting for a locksmith.

It's been a long day. A long groovy day, save for a moment of brilliance wherein I bravely locked my keys securely away in my vehicle. I was startled by a child with a airsoft pain inflictor; instinct demanded I slam the door shut and turn to face the culprit. I am a smart, brave man.

Anyway, evening plans are kinda shot now. I'm chilling out, waiting for a locksmith, hoping it won't eradicate the funds I need to float on blissfully towards that next paycheck. 

If I am blessed by pizza, I'll happily pay it forward.
If not, I may be forced to hunt down and devour that small child.
[Request] I have a tasty beverage, pizza would be perfect to go with it.
Pretty please and thank you from me and Dog.
[Request] Haven't had pizza in a few months.
Hey there. I have no money on me and I would like to have a Pizza, preferably with mushrooms on it. It'd be nice. 

Location: High Point, NC.
[Request] Tough week dealing with some personal struggles, but I fucking made it to Friday in one piece. If anyone can help me out tonight I'll gladly pay it forward/back next week. [USA]
One day at a time, starting to climb out of some dark times. Would love a pizza to anywhere, if anyone can help I'll absolutely pay it back or forward next week!

Thanks!
[Request] It's my twins 5th Birthday today!
Today is my Twins 5th birthday today, I couldn't afford to get them any presents with my situation right now. A friend suggested I check out this site. My Kidslove pizza, we are at the library right now hoping that someone can help get us some pizza. Mama bear will repay back any help that we get, as soon as I can. We are new to Reddit and Random_Acts_Of_Pizza, but have a feeling that we will be giving a lot once mama bear gets backs on her feet. We will offer drawings of pizza, or anything that you like in return for this awesome bday gift. 

Love _ Mama Bear and Her 2 Lil Cubs, Brantley and Brianna
[REQUEST]Very Hungry and in need of something to eat.(Portland, Oregon
My girlfriend and i got kicked out a little over a week ago from our apartment after we both lost our jobs working with the portland water bureau ...i have eaten a half of a sandwich at my friends house 2 days ago and got some free water at mcdonalds and stuff over the last few days... but in a week we have really eaten nothing and we are house sitting for a friend. He is offering to give us both $20 for a 3 day house sit,But he doesnt get paid till Saturday, and there is no food in this house, (2 pieces of stale bread that we ate) its our first night and we have no money. I was using my friends internet at his house looking for jobs and i cam upon an email from a friend who works with children with special needs, and he gave me the URL to this website. So i am hoping anyone who has a kind heart to feed an honest hard working man and girlfriend for a night or two would be willing to help us out with some pizza. Thanks in advances.
(REQUEST) Looking for some random Olathe KS Radom Acts of Pizza love!
I really love the idea of this "Random Acts of Pizza"  I'm kinda short on cash or else I'd be glad to send out of some pizza love.  I accidentally screwed up my wife's laptop the other day and I'm hoping to surprise her with some kick ass pizza.  Screwed it up soo bad she's making me buy her a brand new one...  and it was an apple macbook...  bla... Anyone from the Kansas City area want to pay it forward?  
[Request] for a friend in Honolulu. Its her birthday and she is moving from HW back home on the 8th but doesnt have anyone to hang with. 
My friend doesnt know Im doing this but she is on her last week in Hawaii and the guy she went there with is gone and shes spent all her money for moving expenses back to the mainland. I live in Florida but Im more broke than she is lol. Its her birthday and I was trying to find birthday freebies since she only has her cell for internet but wow... google maps shows no dice! She lives near the Battleship Missouri nearest I can tell lol. ( I never realized how big the island is!!). I am going to a meetup in an hour but will only be gone about 2 hrs. Its 530 here but 1130am there so there is time.  
[Request] A pizza to feed my brothers and myself while mom is working on Father's Day (East coast USA)
Hey all. I'm a nineteen year old college student, home for summer break and at home in New Jersey for fathers day with my two younger brothers. My mom drew short straws and is working on this Sunday/holiday, and my dad doesn't live with us anymore.

The house is almost bare and my mom won't be back until late evening, so I was wondering if there were any redditors out there willing to help my brothers and I out with a pizza for lunch/dinner to give this drab Sunday of ours a defining, yummy meal.

Thanks for reading! and have a great father's day all.
(REQUEST) - Had Food Poisoning all day, finally getting appetite back but no food at home.
Woke up 6 this morning puking. Haven't had any food all day, but now my appetite is coming back but I have no food. Anything would help and be greatly appreciated. 
[Request] Mississippi USA.  I desire a pizza to feed this family of four.
I would love to give pizza to the family but our funds are very limited for the next month.  We have food in the fridge but there's not a whole ton and we don't get our food stamps until tomorrow.  They don't know I'm doing this but I thought it'd be a lovely surprise if pizza was presented!
[Request] Alone in an empty house on a cold and rainy night.
Hello, all five of my roommates have gone for the evening of whom are wonderful cooks which I incessantly feed myself from, but tonight there are no leftovers and no food in the house and no vehicle. I'd love a pizza if there is one to spare. :)

I could offer something in return, but my skills are limited only to graphic design/digital arts, drawing, and painting. I could send a little thank you if you wanted!

Thanks 

edit: I live in Athens, GA
[REQUEST]Clingy baby won't let me cook dinner. Pittsburgh, PA.
I have a 5 month old baby boy that is being a stage 5 clinger today so no cooking is getting done. A pizza would be pretty helpful but it's not in the budget. I have a verification code. Thanks!

[Request] I am waiting to get an interview with a full time job. Have a part time one now but food gets scarce quick.
Just throwing this out there. Will pay it forward when possible. 
[Request] Bit broke on my birthday in Woodbridge, Virginia :( 
I turned 24 today and I don't really have any cash. I just moved to this state a couple of months ago and none of my family or friends live even remotely close. Anyone near 22193 and want to make my birthday suck less?
[Request] Small family who has no food. 
Sorry I have to be a panzy and hide behind a throwaway. This is just really embarrassing, we've received pizza from random acts of pizza before and the idea of having to turn to it again as a last resort really bothers me.. 

My husband is doing odd jobs as of right now until he can find a steady job, and I am about to attend college at the beginning of the year. Things have been pretty decent, but we were barely able to pay our rent this month and were only able to buy groceries for which not even lasted up until now as well as a trip to a food pantry. Our pantries and refrigerator is empty and we will not be able to get to the food pantry until tomorrow. It would mean a lot if someone could help us out and get us through the day. 

I understand this is a throwaway, so if someone does decide they would like to help, I'd be more then glad to give my account name, take pictures, give you my facebook page, whatever it is you need. 
[Request] i suppose... I just discovered this - is it real? Burlington VT
if this is a real thing and people actually pizza other people, then this might actually be the best day of my life!  I can promise to pay anything forward that comes my way!
[REQUEST] Broke college sophomore alone during fall recess. Campus dining locations are closed for the night. Willing to create custom art in exchange for pizza. Westminster, MD
Sup RAoP?

I'm chilling in my room, listening to some music and browsing Reddit. Suddenly I get hungry, and go to the campus pub for a meatball sub and some fries. Unfortunately, due to the lower quantity of students on campus this weekend (we have a four-day weekend this week and almost everyone has gone home,) the pub's hours are different, and when I got there they were already closed. Goddamnit.

Anyway, the first thing that popped into my mind, of course, was "REDDIT," and getting back to my room, the first thing I do is jump onto my computer and go right to RAoP. Now, I'm sitting here, pretty damn hungry, listening to Ensiferum and wondering what I can do to get some delicious pizza in my belly. So here's my offer. I am willing to provide a custom funny drawing of the giver's choice in exchange for a pizza. I'm not looking for anything extravagant as far as the pizza goes, and we have a cheap local place that delivers until midnight. In exchange for said pizza, you receive said drawing. The only other food I have right now is Martin's Salt and Vinegar potato chips, and while they are delicious, they simply aren't much of a meal. Please help this broke sophomore get himself some 'zza?

Help me Random Acts of Pizza, you're my only hope!

Pizza request from Bellingham, Washington. Hungry.
I am a nineteen year old Western student who finally got part time at a sushi restaurant. I make about thirty dollars more than rent per month. Some variety from the ramen would be great, I've lost quite a bit of weight since moving out and can't exercise or smoke chronic anymore because of the food costs. I am eternally grateful, will pay it forward of course.

In awe of this subreddit.
[Request] Rockford,MI. One pizza would give me more than one meal. 
I have just under $13 to get me through until next thursday. I've been eating peanut butter sandwiches for a couple of days and a hot pizza sounds amazing. One pizza would most likely last me 2 or 3 days.
Request: I could use a pizza, has been a long week. My husband cheated and I am moving out so funds are tight. 
I live in The Sacramento Area in California. My husband decided now is the time to cheat which is wonderful as I am pregnant so I have been reading this and it has made me both cry and smile as people are so kind here.
I hate to ask but figure it is worth a try. Nothing to lose by taking the time to fill out a simple message, but I admit I am new to this. I have been lurking now for a year and finally broke down and made an account for advice.

So I will just put it out there, I am in the foothills so it is a half hour to get pizza but I will gladly make the drive if someone would help with the pie. I will be getting some financial help from my folks hopefully in the next few weeks and will pay it forward as soon as I can. If anyone can help me we have Round Table and Domino's or Mountain Mikes. I am not choosy :)
Thank you for any help. I do have a verification code if that is helpful.

[Request] Hungry broke college girl wants pizza
I've probably eaten one meal in the past 3 days. I am broke and don't get paid until Tuesday, and my house is devoid of any food. A pizza would be much appreciated right now. I will take a picture for verification is you'd like.
(Request) Work a crappy job for not enough pay
... do you guys deliver to Afghanistan because the little pizzas at the chow hall suck.
[Request] Texas, USA looking for pizza!
62 cents in bank account, awesome, but not complaining. I get paid tomorrow so if anyone can get me some pizza to get me by today, that would be awesome!!
request tn
my family and i could use a pizza tomorrow we are all sick and dont feel like cooking if someone could help it would be great we have a pizza hut thats all we have here
[request] Hungry in VA, it's this or ramen again
My paycheck is late, as HR for my company is in NYC and still out of power. Won't come through for a few more days. I have enough ramen and cereal in the house to last me, but something hot and greasy would make my night. Thanks Reddit - I'll pay this forward as soon as the check clears!
[Request] Dallas TX USA Best posted fantasy story 
just for you!
This is a throwaway/new account, but please don't let that scare you away. I am just your average 30 something unemployed, unpublished, unshaven (the 3 U's) author wannabe with a dream of getting published. I don't believe that things in life are free and I won't start believing that now. I'm offering to write a small but entertaining fantasy story for you. And yes, it has to be SFW and such as I will post the contents of this story for all to read.

If you'd like to read about a murder/mystery with break dancers or prefer your gnomes to carry gnome-made machine weaponry while riding raptors, I'm your man. You can toss some ideas my way if you're looking for something extra strange. 

Please note, I am hungry but I feel much more comfortable working for my food. Thank you for reading my post and remember a day above ground is always better than the alternative. Make each day count! 
&lt;Request&gt; Defaulted On House. Trying To Catch Up On Payments.
Working as much as I can but struggling. All our money is going to try to catch up on house payments. In debt and worried. Some pizza would be great. Thanks everyone for your time and attention. Located in NY.
[Request] Two broke college New Yorkers stuck in Appalachia until the 17th. [Depravity Pics Included]
Hey guys, my roommate and I are stuck in back-country middle of fucking nowhere Virginia until the 17th. That's when I get paid and until then we are stuck here. Here's some evidence of our dietary deficiency. You could save two stomachs!
http://imgur.com/a/Zl3zX

  
{Request}Not with family this year broke till the 5th out of KD 
[MONTREAL,QC]
Will return the favor to a random person on reddit 
[Request] Ontario, Canada - On my 3rd of 5 days without food, and it's getting unbearable. Can anyone help?
I'm not in College, or a starving artist or anything like that. I've just been a bit unlucky lately. I'm a 36 year old single guy with a job. But rent, and other bills killed me this month. I thought I had enough funds in my account to at least keep me set with Mr. Noodles, I forgot about my monthly banking fee.

I had a small bag of chips Wednesday afternoon, and I get paid Monday, so I'll be fine then.. It's just really painful at this point and food is something I'm constantly thinking about.

I've got a few bucks to get on the bus to work on Saturday, so I can't really use that.

I'm really embarrassed to even be asking like this and I'm not sure how it works, so please be patient with me.

I guess that covers it. Thank you in advance.

Cheers folks.
request - i want pizza
I could give you some sob story, but really I'm just poor and hungry. but welcome to my life as a broke college student. 
(request) Hungry and waiting on payday in Baltimore
My husband is not able to find a job and I am working at a job with very few hours just trying to make ends meet until next payday and failed this week. Please help if you can if not thakyou for reading anyway and god bless.
[Request] Would anyone like to trade a Pizza Hut egiftcard for a Domino's one?
For some weird reason the Pizza Hut in my area doesn't let you use your egiftcard through the online website-- they make you go there in person to do it. I am sick and have no car, and the bus doesn't run on weekends, so...

Would anyone like to trade? 
[Request] My girlfriend is soo hungry she won't stop complaining about it and I'm like shit I don't know how to cook and whatnot. Please can i have it
thx bros
[Request] Oklahoma here: I'd love a pizza after this week, please.
This has been a hard week. I don't want to bore you with details, but I'd like to smile and believe there's still good people willing to do good things. I'd love to pay it forward after Friday. Thank you.
[Request] Madison, WI - Big family would like some pizza for tonight
Hi Everyone,

This is my first try at this.  We have a family of seven and are just running a little short this week until payday on Tuesday.  We would really appreciate a pizza or two tonight so that we can get off the Ramen binge this weekend.  If you'd like to help us out, please feel free to ask whatever questions you might have.  

Thanks,
Jason

[request] Esparto, CA, USA: Would love to relax with a pizza.
Struggling to find employment. Would love a pepperoni pizza.
[REQUEST] Stuck at work in STL
Hi! I don't consider myself particularly destitute, but some delivery, be it pizza or whatever else, would certainly be appreciated tonight. Story and circumstance below.

---

I work at one of my school's IT help desks. It's our fall break, and I'm here alone from 2p-10p central. Normally, I'd get a lunch break, but as I'm the only one here (no supervisor, or anything), and I don't have a key, I can't leave the office.

Delivery is fine, but I'm running low on cash until payday. A tight spot to be in this week, but I'm usually OK. When I get off, there will be campus food I can get, so it's really a matter of making it til 10pm.

---

Anything else you'd like to know, please let me know. Thanks for even reading =)

---

I was helped out by a friend =) Thanks all, and happy pizza 
[REQUEST] Hungry folks sitting at home
Hey, we have a house full of hungry people here. The only money we have coming in at the moment is unemployment and, we don't get paid until tomorrow. If someone wanted to hook us up with some pizza that would be great.
[Request] NYC USA had a rough couple days, pizza would cure all!
Hey citizens of Random_Acts_of_Pizza!  NYC-based actor/ retail drone, broke (overdrafted at the moment) until paycheck deposits tomorrow.  Caught a weird head cold this week (better now!) and missed some shifts at work, had some family drama, and dealing with this awful heat and humidity. A sensible pizza could get me fed and happy until I can get paid and to the grocery store tomorrow. I can only eat so much cous cous in one weekend!

I've never posted here before - but I fully intend to "Pizza-It-Forward" when I'm back on my feet a bit more.  Happy June, everyone! 

EDIT: added some more info!
[REQUEST] Dallas TX could really enjoy a nice and hot pizza. job on the fence :/
found out today that I could quite possibly be losing my job due to restructuring within the company. dealt with some relationship issues as well that didn't go so hot. snapped at my mom- had no intentions of doing so. 

could really use a pizza and coke.
[REQUEST] Texas, USA. Broke college student studying for finals would greatly appreciate a pie!
As the title says, I'm a pretty broke college student (at least until my tax return check comes in) and in the middle of finals week studying. A nice pizza would definitely the all-nighter I'm about to pull. I'm willing to provide any info you need via pm. 
[Request] Arkansas; That feeling when you run out of ramen...
I don't get paid until next Friday, and the last packet of ramen was used for dinner a few nights ago. I've got pickle juice and mayonnaise in the refrigerator and I'm not sure even sure if the mayo is any good... A hot meal would be majorly appreciated.

Edit: I forgot to mention that when I get paid, I'll return the favour. It'll just be a week.
[Request] Roommates left me no move-out notice so now I have to front the whole rent myself, and am completely broke until my next paycheck. Please feed me!
I'll be sure to pay it forward! This month is just really hard because my roommates moved out right before rent is due and I had to buy a bunch of things to get by (they--a couple--took everything we originally split the cost of, so I have no dishes or utensils, cookware, etc.) until I find a place w/ my soon-to-be new roommates. And I don't make nearly enough at my minimum-wage job to afford rent by myself (college student!) so I already had to borrow $500 to cover part of my rent from my parents. They're really broke too.

Luckily I just got a second job and have been working my butt of at my current one, so once I'm well budgeted again, I'll be more than happy to pay the deed forward!

[Request] Two guys who don't get paid for a few more days without any food.
Me and my friend are house/pet sitting and the owners left no food. We don't get paid for a few more days and a nice hot pizza would mean the world to us. We will definitely do an offer once we get paid. Please pm me! Thank you!!
[Request] Extreamly broke and hungry. Just started new job. 
Just started a new job but all my remaining money was put into my gas tank. Just need some food to get me through until payday. You would be helping out a military member in need. =) Please and thank you!
[Request] Part want, part need. (MN)
This past week at work, I fell off an office chair that was missing a bolt and ended up having to get a tetanus shot and 6 x-rays. I'm living from paycheck to paycheck, so I'm eating meagerly as it is, and the lost wages from the work I had to miss mean even less food from this next one, though still enough to get by. Also, I've been in a lot of pain, which has made it a really shitty week. A pizza would do wonders to improve it.

Note: I looked into worker's comp, which doesn't start compensating for lost wages until you've missed three days of work. I wasn't gone for three days because I just got a new second part-time job and didn't want to miss more than a day for fear of losing it.
[Request](Miami, FL) Student studying, freezing and hungry
Hey guys, I'm curled up in my dorm studying for finals. It's also freezing cold because my roommate can't fall asleep unless it's freezing. He finished his exams though and gets to sleep in, I'm sure he has a massive hangover. 

As any college student, money is tight, and it's hard to actually have a heart warming meal. I usually just rely on hot dogs without buns and ramen. 

Of course there are people that are more than me, and please, help them first. I'm not going to die, nor do I have 5 kids, just a college student. Thank you for taking the time to read this and enjoy your weekend!
Shana Tova [REQUEST] A pie for me and my nana? 
Imma 19 y.o. student. Does this work? Just started 
school and out of pocket money and rent . ne help? 
Happy Jewish new Year
Tonight I am visiting my nana in Concord, NH from Lebanon, NH . ne one care to help us get dinner? 
Both of us hardly have money to have a good meal or pizza. 
As a return we'll buy a loaf of bread and feed it to ducks, birds and take a pic of em (:

and Shana Tova! happy jewish new year! 
[REQUEST] Teenager with the munchies (Wisconsin)
Preferably something with bacon and pepperoni, medium size at least. PM for more details. Thanks in advance!
[Request] Brother's birthday
Ok so today is his birthday and we have no money to throw him a party or celebrate it. I am 17 and he just turned 21!!! We live with my dad but unfortunately he doesn't have any money either. I would really appreciate it if someone would gift him a pizza and I'm sure he would be delighted. Thanks for taking the tome to read this and if you decide to help me out then I will be grateful. I have no proof unless you want to add him on facebook. I live in Sugarland, Texas
[Request] My girlfriend and I could use a nice pizza dinner
We're planning a move across the country in about 3 weeks. We've got some money saved for the trip and getting set up out there, but we're pretty limited on funds now. Any pizza would be greatly appreciated. We're both hungry and any scraps will be fed to our two cats, who just happen to love pizza too.

[Here](http://imgur.com/tOHAK) they are right now. Look at those eyes, gleaming with the anticipation of cheesy delicious pizza.

[request] Help me give a huge tip (US)
Hey there. I just found this subreddit yesterday. I don't have any money on my debit card right now, but I have cash. If someone wants to help me get a pizza here, I'll make sure the driver gets a $20 tip. Pm me!
[Request] Poor veteran/college student, San Diego, CA. Will do whatever you desire for some food tonight!
I'm waiting for my G.I. Bill to come in, hopefully by the end of the month. Until then I am stuck with 99 cent loaves of bread and peanut butter which has also run out. I have 3 dollars in my account and I'm starving. Make a random request and I will fulfill it!

Since I made this post so late I don't think I will see any response. Thanks for those who read this post. Good luck in your RAOP!
[REQUEST] Starving, at work, stuck, and broke.
I'm currently sitting at work with an empty stomach and an emptier bank account. I'm struggling to stay afloat, but a full docket of bills and college expenses have me running thin this month. I get paid next Friday, and I can give you the promise that I will pay it forward, one way or another.

[Request] Don't get paid for anther week, help out a hungry student? (FL)
I just spent the last of my money on school clothes, anyone want to share a pie?
[REQUEST] OR [OFFER] KARACHI, PAKISTAN (x-post from /r/worldnews)
[This sane family is going hungry because they refuse to murder their rape victim daughter.](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/ku0tg/pakistani_family_refuses_to_kill_daughter_who_was/)

"We go hungry many nights," said Kainat's older sister. That made me think of /r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza. Are there some Pakistani Redditors that could help, or help us help this family?
[REQUEST] No more oats or Ramen!
I ran out of oatmeal and ramen! Please I humbly ask for any type of pizza possible. - and I forgot to add "[REQUEST]" to my last post. which is why I'm posting again... sorry and Thank you.
[Request] Poor college student, hungry.
Like the title says, I'm a poor college student practically starving. I've been eating some bootlegged Cinnamon Toast Crunch cereal for about 5 days now, 3 times a day. Just today, I filled up what would be my last bowl to be ready to end the day. Of course, something happened, I found a beetle on my cereal, I had taken multiple spoonfuls at this point and didn't notice it. Did I mention I was terrified and grossed out of bugs? My only option was to through out the cereal, it took me some guts to even drink the milk at the end. (Didn't want to waste it) I live with my parents, and I have to drive a 1989 Lincoln Town Car to college every day. I can barely afford to pay for the gas every 5 days to go to and from school. All in all I'm starving, trying to finish my homework for the day. Some pizza would be awesome at this point. 

**Beetle Picture**
http://i.imgur.com/TWdXh.jpg
[Request]  Mom of 3 great kids in FL could use a helping hand
I am embarrassed to ask...but I started a new job a week ago (no paycheck for two weeks) and my kids have been eating rice for three days.  They have been far more understanding than they had to be.  I would really love to give them something special tonight (but I cannot).  If any one could help save them from yet another night of white rice, I would be most grateful.   And would love to pay it forward when I get paid next week! 
[request] just found out i completely tore a ligament in my ankle, and got fired from my new job as a result. ive got $10 to make it through the weekend, and i could really use a hot meal and some cheering up. /:
im a rugby player, and im due to start my last season for my college team in a month. sprained my ankle in july playing soccer, just got an MRI due to the persistant pain, and found out i shredded a ligament. its possibly surgical, and when i told my new boss, he said hed have to let me go because im on crutches and im 'a risky investment.' i had just paid my rent with the last of my savings yesterday before my doctors appointment, and i have $10 till tuesday [also my birthday]. just a little bummed and hungry--id really appreciate a meal, and id be happy to provide any sort of verification needed. thanks for reading. 
[Request] Lost my job at pizza hut recently, broke and hungry now
I lost my job at pizza hut a little while ago, haven't had any luck finding a new job so far, now I'm out of money, hungry, and craving some non pizza hut pizza to spite my former employer! Would be very much appreciated.
[request] Greenville, SC I'm baby sitting my little brother, sister, and cousin, but I have no money and we're hungry, anyone wants to give us a pizza for breakfast?

[REQUEST] Mckees Rocks, Pa Could really go for a pizza
I lost my job a few weeks ago and also just ended a very bad engagement. I am a single mom with 3 kids and we really would like pizza but I have no money until my unemployment starts. If anyone could help us out it would be great.
[Request] Indiana, college student, just broke my foot. No car, hard to get around. Would love a pizza.
When I have the means I *will* pay it forward.
[Request] I'd like to experience the taste of free pizza once (I'll pay it forward)
Hello Redditors, 
have you ever received something for free? Did you remember how good that felt, just because "hey, free stuff" ? Well, I hadn't had that feeling in a while and I just want to experience it. I know the power of the internet would blow my wife's mind and my daughter would think I'm a magician. Honestly, it's not about the money, I'll pay the pizza forward to another random redditor or back to yourself(today you, tomorrow me), it's just for science , to know if free pizza really does taste better. 
[Request]My Dogs would be happy if you could offer me and my wife some pizza. The one part time job between the two of us pays the rent, but not the pizza.(verified)
I know, no one likes a sob story, but any offers would be appreciated by us. [Here's a picture of our dogs expressing gratitude.](http://i.imgur.com/YdimK.jpg) I followed all the instructions on the side bar so, I guess I'm verified.

I don't know if this helps but I haven't put on any clothes yet (been applying for jobs *online* all morning), and my wife says "do you think being nude asking for pizza will make you more successful?" what do you think reddit? will it? (i hope it doesn't do the opposite.)

[request] Carbondale, IL Sitting here after a long day at work, and would love to have dinner tonight and breakfast for tomorrow. Can anyone help a brother out?
The toppings do not matter to me. I will eat almost anything.
[Request] Willing to trade art for pizza! Houston, TX
I have a bunch of 11"x17" poster prints and high resolution jpg's of cool art to trade for a pizza! All pieces were originally painted by me! I have no cash on me and dont get paid till tomorrow. I'll give samples to an offerer. 
[Request] Cedar Park, TX: I'll gladly pizza you Friday for a pizza today.
Alright Reddit, I'll be straight. I'm not super desperate for food. If someone else says they're on their last legs and need a pie, go take care of them first. By the time I get paid I will definitely not be starving or any such thing. But a man can only sustain on 20 cent ramen for so long before he goes crazy.

Money's Friday. You do me a solid on this, Reddit, and I'll soon reciprocate with a delicious start to your weekend.

E-gifts would be preferred (if I am allowed to say?). THANKS TTYL.
Request for Random Act of Pizza
I spent some time reading this site before I decided to join and ask and apparently it is not polite to join just to ask for a pizza but I REALLY could use one.  Im pregnant from a man who does not care about me's baby.  I guess I was just his toy till he found a new one.  My son Josh is 3.  Im still young and I know I have my whole life ahead of me but THAT life looks pretty grim right now if you ask me.  OH and to top if off my parents are drug addicts.  Now I am pretty sure a pizza is not going to help me situation but I AM hungry right now so if someone feels like being generous that would be GREAT!
[REQUEST] Jersey Shore, Pa Every day is a Gift, one to enjoy with a Pizza
TBH, I never knew this was here on Reddit, but imho only, that information came at the perfect time.. 2 years and 16 days ago I was hit from behind on my cycle at a Stop Sign. The ER doctor told me that if I had been wearing a helmet, the force of impact was so great, I would have been killed on the spot. (extra weight (avg 4-6 lbs.) of the helmet would have caused my neck to snap and kill me)

Joining Reddit was one of the many things suggest to me, to help re-train my brain and thought process. To everyone I have talked/debated with, let me take a second here and say Thank You. 

But back to the reason for the post, may I kindly ask for a pizza? As it has been a long road back to somewhat normal for me and thinking about someone I don't know, caring enough to say, Hey, let's send this guy a pizza just because, well, it is so damn cool. I'm not sure what happens next, but to the person if they decide to say hey I can do that, please know from the bottom of my heart, I am grateful for your kindness and will pay it forward as I get better and hopefully get back to work. James


[Request] - Sydney, AU - No food in the house, don't get paid until tomorrow
Dominos or Pizza Hut is fine. Tomorrow I'll be offering a pizza as well.

**EDIT:** I found [this on OzBargain](https://www.ozbargain.com.au/node/103013). I'm heading off to collect on it. Hopefully someone else finds that link useful too.
[REQUEST] Mismanaged my money (fail, I know) - no sob story, just hungry
So, I mismanaged my money, broke until Friday.  I'd love a pizza for myself, my fiancee and my roommate.  I will gladly verify any and all info.  I also did receive from an awesome guy a couple of months ago.  Just want to be up front.  Thanks for reading!
Hey there everyone! Can anyone buy me pizza? I promise to return the favor! [Request]
Hey everyone! I really want Pizza and I know there are people on here that do too. If there's anyone on here that resides from Toronto, Ontario maybe we can cut a deal? It would make my time easier as well as yours ya dig?


[REQUEST] Hungry and broke.
I have no more money after paying the bills and I have little food in my house. Please help! Thanks. :)
[Request] Want to feed my little brother and myself...read inside for info
First, this is a throw away account because I don't want my real life friends reading about this.  

My family has gotten by in the past few years through me finding odd jobs and my mothers small income from her job.  It's not much but we get by.  

The reason I'm requesting tonight is because my mom decided to take what money we had saved up to buy food for us for thanksgiving and for the next week so that she could buy alcohol, cigarettes, and lottery tickets.  I'm not sure why she did this but it leaves us with very little food for the week.  All I'm asking for is a pizza or two that could feed my family and I for the next two days until I get paid on Wed.  Thanks in advance.
[REQUEST] Me and my girlfriend would like something to eat
Hello!
I've been unemployed since February and so far we've been living on her study loans. Unfortunately she can't get that during the summer - and we got denied social welfare so our debts are piling up right now.

It would be so nice to be able to give my girlfriend a little treat!

We live in Sweden - but I've got a Paypal account.

I would also be happy to take ideas of how we could earn some money! We're kind of out of ideas :)
(We've tried to "get a job" and we've "sold some stuff")

**EDIT: I got pizza money from a very nice redditor! Will post updates within a few days, when I get the money on my bank account!**
[REQUEST] (Chico,CA) I'd make good use of a Dominos pizza
It is a dreadful rainy day in Chico, and I have no current means of dry transportation. A hurricane of an empty stomach is howling at me, and the only cure I can think of is some tasty Dominos delivery. Please help me out, and someday in the future I shall return the favor to another in need of tasty round goodness.
[REQUEST] Pizza for the sleepy
I haven't slept in 2 weeks. I discovered those 5hr energy type drinks and well... I have a ton of work from work and a ton of free lance work. A pizza would cheer me up and I will gladly pay it forward at the end of the month when I get paid.
[Request] Haven't eaten much this week. Also very high at the moment.
I moved in with my grandma in Seattle who doesn't grocery shop at all and only buys takeout for herself. I'm paying for college and work for not much money and can't afford to buy a lot of food. I ate mostly oatmeal I found in the cupboard for a week. I also got high for the first time in a few months and that's making me extra hungry. So it's a combination of actual hunger with added munchies.
[REQUEST] Unpacking, building forts in the living room with the three kiddos, and doing laundry. Just realized we're all hangry.
Austin, TX   We get paid Friday and I think my kids will attack me if we eat peanut butter or spaghetti one more time. We aren't usually quite this broke but a poorly planned move and we are on our last dimes for two more days. Please, sir, may I have some moar pizza?

Edit: Aw geez. I forgot to say where I am.
[Request] Broke until my new job starts in a week
Hey guys, my summer campus job just ended and I'm going to be broke until my new one starts in a week. Pretty hungry and I won't be able to buy food on campus until the semester starts on the 31st. Save me from ramen! Haha
[REQUEST] Broke as a joke. Want to give my girlfriend something in return for feeding me all month.

[REQUEST] Pwn my Hot Girlfriend for a pizza...
My Girlfriend doesn't believe there are actually people who would give away pizzas. So as a bet, I told her if someone wanted to send one, she has to take a picture for the ROAP sender... There choice, anything goes. Can send pictures of what were working with upon request. 1 Time Deal!
[Request] [usa] Broke, can't seem to find a job, been laid off since December. Hoping for a hot meal
Been subsisting on friends generosity and a bag of rice and beans that is shrinking quickly. Hoping someone might be able to help me out. The last three days have been tapatio/rice/beans, twice a day and I feel like I'm starting to lose my mind!
[REQUEST] Birmingham,UK
would love a pizza. pm me if you wanna be kind :D
[Request] 20yo UK, the most difficult day of my life over, and a pizza sure would help.
Today i just finished telling my Mum, dad and my Grandad that i am Transgender, and i will be starting to transition from Male to Female. 

My mother was not okay with it. According to her now, i am disowned from the family, and can no longer speak to her, unless i say i am deciding to not transition.

My dad's reaction was so misinformed that i inadvertently lost my cool trying to explain it, where i was then met with a stern 'Get out until you figure out that you're not a tra*ny'. 

My Mormon Grandad however, was not hostile, was not disagreeing, but merely said, "Whilst i do not understand it, i'm sure you can help me find out." He accepts what i'm doing and will not hold it against me, and will not treat me differently until i ask. 

I think i figured out where i'm staying for the next few years whilst i finally start on my path to feeling better in myself.

does anyone wanna help round off one of my most difficult days ever, and buy me a pizza? It would seriously help me to calm down and take my mind off the massive dilemmas that have happened.

If you wish to see proof of anything, or just ask me any questions, please do below :)

I'm sorry if i've said anything offensive during this as well, no offense was intended!
[REQUEST] Bloomington, IN
Lost my wallet and all my cash/credit card. Out of food for the weekend.
I lost my wallet which has my cash/credit card/university ID and such. I'm on a meal plan here, but I can't go to the cafeterias since I don't have my ID. I could really use a pizza right now. :/
(Request) Lost my job on monday of last week and my bank account is negative
I just lost my job last week and my bank account is negative, my wife took the kids and went to visit her mom in a different state and I would really love a sausage pizza right about now. I can trade someone Civilization 4 on steam for it if that's what you want.
[request] 2 hungry and broke guys
Hey, all.  I'm down to $5 in my checking account.  $10 to Dominos would allow me and my roommate to eat tonight.  We're both good guys, just have more bills than pay this week.  Hours got cut and rent is due.  Tomorrow we get to hit up the food pantry, but something tonight would be wonderful, if anyone can swing it.  Thanks.
[Request] Just found this subreddit, crossing my fingers for a pie! Will forward a pizza on monday when I get paid!
pleaaase?
[request] pregnant wife in Australia
Looking for someone to shout dinner tonight. Wife is 35 weeks pregnant and I'll be home too late to cook. Wanna shout our unborn child some random pizza goodness? I'm in Australia!

Edit: spelling (must be getting hungry!)
[REQUEST] I'll Trade You A Laugh For A Pizza
So one day two redditors decide they want to start a petting zoo. So one redditor said to the other redditor, "you go out and find the land, I will go out and find the animals." They agree and set off on their ways.

So the redditor out looking for the animals was walking down the street when he sees a roster store. He walks in and tells the guy he wants to buy a rooster. They guy says, "okay, but we don't call them roosters, we call thems "cocks". " 

He says, "okay", buys the roster, and sets off on his way.

He continues walking down the street when he sees a chicken store. He walks in and tells the guy he wants to buy a chicken. They guy says, "okay, but we don't call them chickens, we call thems "pullits". " 

He says, "okay", buys the chicken, and continues on.

A little while later he is walking down the street when he sees a donkey store. He walks in and tells the guy he wants to buy a donkey. They guy says, "okay, but we don't call them donkeys, we call thems "asses", and there is something very peculiar about this ass, you have to scratch his ass every five minutes or he'll die. " 

Its the last donkey in the store, so he says, "okay", buys the donkey, and sets off on his way.

So now this redditor is walking down the street, all three animals in his arms when five minutes go by. He gets really frantic, runs up to the first redditor he sees, and says, "*will you grab my cock and pullit, while I scratch my ass*?"


[Request] Niles, Illinois. Got home from soccer, locked out, hungry and broke.
im hungry and tired and im locked out fro  my house for three more hours. I just got home and im locked out due to my brother being gine to school. 
[REQUEST] Melting in Phoenix,AZ; Could use a slice or two as relief :D 
It's currently 105 where I'm at, my car has no A/C so the drive to get anything leaves you sweatin' balls. A helpful redditor would be awesome:D 
[Request] Sprained my ankle last night then had to work on my feet all day (San Francisco)
I sprained my ankle (I have repeated problems with this ankle from a previous injury) and then I had to work at a cafe all day because it was my first day and I've been unemployed for a month so I can't afford to lose this new job that I finally found (I've been cleaning houses sporadically since I moved back to the city, and just scraping by). On top of that I passed my first kidney stone recently and I'm having landlord issues. I'm trying to stay optimistic but I just feel like I can't get a break lately.
[request] Pennsylvnia USA Would love to have pizza night for me and my daughter
its just me and my 9 year old daughter tonight.we plan on watching christmas movies.she got real good grades on her report card and would like to suprise her with a pizza.thanks
[Request] Just graduated and I start my job on Wednesday. I would like just one day of relaxation before I go back to working!
tl;dr: I'm broke and hungry

nom nom nom plz
[Request] RLY Need Help in MASSACHUSETTS - PLS :)
My parents died when I was young and I have been living in fostercare since I was 6, I now work 3 jobs just to make ends meet. I am really hoping someone kind will spare some american pesos and spare a girl a pizza

love

Sammy
20/f/MA
[REQUEST] Broke College kid, hungover as shit!

[REQUEST] Floridian dude would love some pizza and have a nice chat with the person who gave it to me (if somebody does). Hungry as a horse.
Things are rough, money is tight and even tho the noodles are good, a pizza would not be bad at all. If you do, send me your e-mail so we can chat and share a nice time...we can both eat pizza at the same time
[Request] Chicago (hyde park) would love a pizza after having my bag stolen at the bus stop today
I'm having a really bad day. First off, it was 90 degrees and I was standing at a bus stop trying to get back to campus (I go to the University of Chicago). Suddenly, two guys come up and grab my bag and run off. I spend the next couple of hours with police officers trying to find my bag which has my phone, a dress that I bought for my cousin's wedding, and a ball of yarn. I'm really bummed and would love nothing more than a pizza to end my bad day on a better note. 
[Request] Manhattan, KS - Studying for midterms and poor as a church mouse. 
With midterms coming up I'm cooped up in my room studying for business law and only have a few bucks to my name after paying rent. A pizza sounds phenomenal.  
[Request] Looking for some pizza so I can enjoy my day off
That's pretty much it. I'll be playing The Walking Dead: 400 Days all evening

Henderson, NV
[Request] Plano, TX. It's my birthday today(24) and I find myself stuck with ramen. Will draw for pizza!
I'm quite poor at the moment, I still owe my brother for rent, and I could really use a pizza if at all possible. I can draw somewhat well, so I'd be willing to trade a digital sketch or something for some 'za. Please and thanks!
[Request] Astoria, Queens, NY could totally use a pizza today
still waiting for a check to show up, and could really use a pizza to get by for the next couple of days. any thing would help.
[Request] Tulsa, OK NFL jerseys stolen, really bummed. Could just use a pizza.
Ordered 2 NFL football jerseys and like any hardcore fan, I was jubilant at the thought of finally wearing my team jerseys with pride! That is...until they were stolen off my porch after being delivered. I'm really bummed because they were quite a bit of money (for me at least). A pizza would help alleviate the problem a little. 
[Request]Food for a broke college student.
Hi. I just started school and am currently super broke because of it and I don't get paid until Tuesday morning... Anything is better than nothing. Any help would be much appreciated.

Florida.
[Request] Moved in2 a new apartment, broke!
Moved into my new apartment with a higher rent a few weeks ago, no money until later this week :c if anyone wants to hook me up with a pizza, I'd be forever grateful.
[Request] Imagine eating only two things for 6 days. Help
break this Pennsylvania guy's streak.
I've been eating noodles and peanut butter crackers only for six days.  I don't get paid until Friday. I'm losing my mind. I need something different. Help me break the streak of crackers and noodles.
[Request] Broke and hungry in Kentucky, would love a pizza right now!
Any help would be appreciated, and reciprocated when I get paid in 2 weeks!
[Request]  Visalia, CA rather hungry, pizza would be amazing.
First time posting here, though I've checked it out a few times. The GF and I are getting a bit hungry and I'm trying to figure out what to do until payday. I've got $8 in the bank and my fridge is empty. Got 2  packages of Ramen and I get paid in 5 days. Anyone want to buy an acoustic guitar?

  A pizza with lots of meat on it sounds good right about now, and once I can finally get all my bills situated then odds are I'll be back to return the favor!  
  
  Oh yeah. Pictures of fridge upon request?
[REQUEST] I'm hungover and my username is GetaPizza
One Pizza Please. Thank you Reddit.
[REQUEST] Dallas, TX - Saving for Gas Money to Go Home
Dining hall is closed, been studying and need to save gas money to drive home to Austin! Either way, love y'all and enjoy your holidays/winter solstice/christmas/hanukkah/quanza/festivus or whatever. :)
[Request] Need a little help in Sacramento, CA
Hey I just moved here to Sacramento starting a new job. I was supposed to get my paycheck last week but the damn thing must have gotten lost in the mail because there is no sign of it yet (not at old address either). Reaaaally hopin it would show up today since I've been without food since yesterday. Anyway, I fully plan on reciprocating once I get paid so It's more like a pizza loan. I don't know really too many people yet here in this town so I'm coming to you guys. Cheers!
[Request] [UK] Two broke uni students who've ran out of food before we go home for christmas break. Could anybody spare us a pizza? 
Me and my girlfriend have run out of food and the only money we have left is for our train tickets home tomorrow. We'll return a pizza back to community when we have christmas money!

http://i.imgur.com/1JUds.jpg
[Request] for fun, not pity
Im asking for a pizza, not because you should feel sorry for me, but because fun to interact with strangers. Have you ever thought its strange that people think it is ok to ask for money from total strangers but they think it is too much to ask to get into a personal conversation with people who help them? I think most the people here are have good intentions for giving away pizza and dont need to be treated like a stalker or rapist or whatever. Im not going to open up my whole life to you, but I promise more than trivial conversation and interaction.

And I really need this pizza, Im saving for college, Ive been eating really cheap food lately.

I live in Gig Harbor, Washington

The reason I dont have many posts on reddit is that I am not able to access my old account under the name "arquebus", it says that no email exists for that name, so I dont know how to get it back. I used to post a lot at www.reddit.com/r/programming/ under that name
{REQUEST} [SEATTLE] 19th birthday is tomorrow, having a party on Sunday and could use a pizza
So tomorrow I hit 19 (3/3/1993) and I'm having a party with a few friends of mine the day after. Unfortunately, I'm a college student and all my friends are in about the same situation. What I'm getting at is, we have no cash to do anything on Sunday. If a fellow Redditor were to hook us up with a pizza then I would go through their comments and upvote everything they've ever posted. What say you?
[REQUEST] Dude just beat cancer. 
This guy just beat cancer, and it's his reddit birthday. How do we send this mofo some ZA? (Unfortunately I don't have a credit card or I'd send one myself)

http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/ju6x5/looks_like_its_my_reddit_cake_day_today_here_is_a/
[Request] My Dad is working late tonight and I have nothing good to eat.
I will in return draw an animal of your choice. Thanks. 
[Request] Unemployed and hungry waiting for my GI Bill money so I can be civilized again
Just started school at Cuesta College in San Luis Obispo, CA. I didn't realize it would take so long before I started to see any money from my GI bill. A real meal would be nice.
[REQUEST] San Francisco, Ca. Broke job corps student you know the pain of you have ever been here. Also promise to pay it forward.
I heard about this a few days ago and decided to give it a try. Would anyone like to help out a broke job corps student?  I also promise to pay it forward as soon as I can. Thanks for anything.
Update: thanks nmuir for the pizza.
[Request] Columbus OH I am ready to play!
http://m.youtube.com/?reason=8&amp;rdm=3676#/watch?v=V09Mt66O9_c&amp;desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DV09Mt66O9_c
[Request] When the moon hits your eye..
Like a big pizza pie, that's amore!

Mmm Pizza Mia?
[Request] Completely broke till Saturday, would love pizza for husband and I please!
~~~I have no income whatsoever, and my husband is on SSI, paying for my rent and his on a fixed income. With bills and rent, we come out with $8 total for the rest of the month. My food card does not come in till the 9th, and we may not have enough food to last until then. A pizza would greatly lift our spirits, and if someone did donate one, once I have an income again we would be glad to do the same in return. We've already been trolled once today, please don't get our hopes down a second time..~~~

[REQUEST] Boyfriend's visiting and had it rough.  Pittsburgh PA
Hey guys.  This is my first request.  I live in Pittsburgh and my boyfriend's visiting for a week.  I haven't seen him since the beginning of May so I'm pretty excited, but here's the situation.

My boyfriend doesn't have a job (I do, but I get paid by the month and my first paycheck isn't coming until June 30th).  The only reason he can visit me now is because his brother is taking summer classes so that's half of the traveling cost paid.  He also sprained his ankle on Saturday meaning he's still in crutches.  Lastly (and I realize this one's mostly my fault), my mother really wants us to go with her to Lake Erie for a day and a half.  

[Following paragraph contains a lot of venting about crazy Polish mothers]

Now you may be wondering "What's wrong with the last part" in which I will refer you to the crutches.  Yes, I've explained to her about the crutches, that he can't and shouldn't walk very much and that he is not going to be comfortable on this trip.  I've even suggested other alternatives, like going to a free movie in the park.  The thing is, my mother is crazy and you can't argue with crazy.  Also, I'm going to have to tell my BF that apparently, he has to go because if he doesn't, I'm going to be the one getting bitched at about how my boyfriend doesn't care about me and how he's lazy.  I know I should just shake it off and deal with it but honestly, I can't change my situation RIGHT NOW so I'd prefer dealing with this as painlessly as possible.  Of course, my boyfriend seemed pretty pissed about it when I told him my mom suggested this idea so, thanks mom, you're probably going to be the cause of our first fight.

Anyway, it's gonna be a terrible few days for him and I'd like to make sure he has a tasty meal after a long trip and to say "I'm sorry that my mom's crazy and I can't do anything about it."  His house is in Oakland so I'd suggest Sorento (4126219129 cheap and decent quality) or Antoons (4126875446 cheaper but more meh pizza) since they are local and cheap.

Also, since I'm getting my first paycheck in June 30th, I'll make sure to donate a pizza.  

[Request] Would just like some pizza.
I'm not starving or anything, so if someone else posts with a much more dire situation than me, I'd encourage you to send pizza to them. I'm just hungry and have been craving pizza for the past few days, but haven't had any pocket money. That's all. (:
[Request] USA -Going to be up all night studying on adderal. Need food to keep me going!
Studying for physiology and anatomy -_- fuck my life.. honolulu
[REQUEST] (US) Family going away, need tasty foodstuffs.
From March 30th to April 1st, all of my nearby family (nuclear and extended), will be having glorious fun times at the beach during Spring Break, but I CAN'T go because MY Spring Break was 2 weeks ago because I'm in college and they have to be all DIFFERENT and SPECIAL. When this happened last year, I ate nothing but cottage cheese from the back of the fridge seasoned with tears of loneliness(hyperbole for comedic affect) because I'm shit at cooking dinner(and lazy).

BUT...

What if there was a glorious community of internet Supermen, capable of setting me up with some sort of electronic code, equivalent to some amount of money, with which I could order GLORIOUS CIRCLES OF CHEESE AND BREAD, preferably from Papa Johns, and HAVE THEM DELIVERED TO MY DOOR BY WHITE STALLIONS THAT SHIT SPARKLES?

Anyone feeling generous? Sparkle-shitting stallions are optional, if that would help.
[Request]Orlando I am Going to be cleaning my house today, would love some lunch.
Will pay it forward on the 28th when I get paid. Thanks in advance. Can also do some minor photoshop work for you if you need. (I need the practice anyways). Any other questions feel free to ask.

[Request] No food until Oct.
My mom is Broke until Oct and I'm 15 and have no job. We have nothing in the fridge/freezer. Both of her bank accounts are negative (If you want proof I will happily provide, of course some things will be blurred out) All we want really is a Pizza. In the past when I tried to order they don't deliver where we live. (In the mountains) so we could always go and pick up. 

Thanks for reading.
[Request] New Jersey, USA. Want to celebrate with a good pie
I've been having a couple of harsh months (lung surgery, recovering, severe nerve damage, no money, on disability, etc.). Because of the amount of pain I am dealing with I don't get around to much. Overall, my dream is to become a pulmonary/critical care specialist to help people like me. I wasn't going to go back to school this semester because of the pain (and not having any money) but I decided this week to still keep pursuing my education. So I got a loan for school and was approved, and classes start next Wednesday. I am very excited. 

Edit: Also because I want to eat pizza on my living room floor while watching all of netflix. 
REQUEST: Dumped cheating fiancee. Sad and hungry. Rocky Hill, CT
my bff showed me reddit and its a really cool site.
i just broke up with my fiancee last night cuz he was cheating on me.  i also think i broke 2 of my toes when i got back home last night. they reeeaaally hurt.  im broke until pay day and i'm really down in the dumps with all of this. id love to eat a pizza while i watch with a league of their own tonight.
[request] Mommy and 16 month old tired of eating noodles! (NJ)
We've been eating noodles for two weeks now and I won't have any money until next Monday. If anyone could help it would be greatly appreciated!
[request] husbands at home with the babe while I'm training for a new job in another state.
Poor guy hasn't been able to shower taking care of our son who just started crawling like a maniac! I'm in Oregon and he's in Washington. He transferred the last of his money to me since I had to pay for my trip out of pocket with a reimbursement program. 

He's pizza-obsessed! I would love to order it for him, but his transfer won't go through til Monday so were both lacking, he deserves it more though. 

I will try and attach a photo of my crazy kid as well for good measure!!!


http://i.imgur.com/AczHQkD.jpg 

http://i.imgur.com/Rol5zzM.jpg
[REQUEST] New South Wales Australia. Power out, can't heat up anything, no money.
The power went out, and with no money to order a pizza, a 16 year old is going hungry. I am sure I will offer some pizza when I get some more money, but for now, not much I can eat, and hot pizza sounds amazing right now.
[REQUEST] Just recently moved/had a life change, would love some pizza.
Hi! I just recently moved across the US to Seattle. My previous jobs had always provided me with room and board, but unfortunately it was deducted from our paychecks, not really leaving us with a whole lot left over. I moved to Seattle a month ago, and thankfully have a great group of friends here that are more than generous with their couches until I get up on my feet. I have a job, but not one that can afford me pizza. And I love pizza. Thanks!
[Request][CA] Just started a temp job, waiting on my first check
I got laid off over a year ago and I finally got hired for something that might stick for a while.  Just started today, I won't get paid until the end of next week and I just ran out of ramen.  Also, I like pizza.  If someone helps me out I will definitely pay it forward after I get paid.  Thank you!
[Request] Columbia, SC. Recently fired. :/
So, I found this page on accident, thought I might as well try it out. I was recently fired from my job, so a pizza would be awesome!
[Request] Bloomington, IL Paid a huge vet bill and out of cash until friday - will pay it forward!
Had to pay off a huge vet bill and I'm broke until Friday.  Could use some pizza to have for dinner and take leftovers for lunch tomorrow.

Thanks!
[REQUEST] Husband ditched me to get drunk with his loser friends, I would love a pizza to keep me company
He has the car with my wallet inside of it, so I'm stranded here with no money or transportation. I think a pizza might help calm my rage. 
[Request] Tennessee - A very important person in my life needs  a pizza to make her birthday a little more special
This is my first and only time doing this, but I have a good friend a couple of states away in TN whos life isn't going to well right now. She is responsible for saving me from myself a few years ago and is a great person. Her life isn't going so well right now and she needs a good cheering up. I really don't want to come off as begging, but I don't have the money to do this right now. Dominos is the only place in the area that delivers to her house. She LOVES pizza. If anyone can help with this, well that'd be really great. 
[Request] Studying, and hungry. Will send pictures of my cat for Papa Johns.
Fiance's birthday was yesterday, and I don't feel like cooking. Have a big test tomorrow. I'm willing to pimp out my super cute kitty for Papa Johns. He has really small ears. My cat, not Papa John.
[Request] st charles missouri... really craving pizza
Really craving some pizza would greatly appreciate a yummy one.. and will return a pizza to some one else asap... we just moved and got settled in and I work all week we want to have a family day chilling in our new apartment relaxing.. 
[Request] Breaking my 3-year silence on Reddit... I would LOVE a pizza on this rainy evening! (KY)
Hey all. I have been a lurker for about 3 years now... this rain has encouraged me to ask you guys for some warm, tasty pizza. Breaking the silence! 

It has been raining here on and off for a few days.. today has made me want to start building an ark. I'm pretty broke, and it's raining so I really don't want to leave my house to walk anywhere to get something to eat. I would pay it forward as soon as I possibly could! &lt;3 
[Request] For my son, husband, and I.
Bank account at -36. Still looking for a job. Haven't eaten since Saturday morning and no gas to get to foodbank. We get a little bit of money on Wednesday for gas and milk for one-year old son.

Pizza or job in Dallas area would be very appreciated.
(Request) Pizza for their birthday!
Hello,

 I am hoping someone will take a small bit of pity on me and help me get my husband and his twin brother a pizza for their birthday today.

I have no extra money, was not able to buy them a cake or even a cake mix to make them one.

I know I am asking a lot but a pizza would be great, and if I get one I will pay it forward on January 25th when I get paid.

Thank you for reading this.

Nikki
[Request] Tx New house, new job, first paycheck went to getting the power turned on, a meal until the end of the week?
Hey guys,

I've heard good things about this subreddit, hopefully someone could help out with a pizza just until friday?  Recently moved and my first check was almost entirely spent getting the deposit covered for power and the last half of my move in cost.  I saw "almost" because I only have about $0.75 left until Friday.

Would someone want to help a guy out with a pizza until the end of the week?  I will gladly pay this forward the very second I'm paid again.  Thanks so much reddit!

edit: I do have a verification number.
[request] Austin, TX, I am in a real tight spot.
I just recently moved out on my own and things are tough. I was laid off 2 weeks ago and now I am feeling the pain. I am going to be really behind on rent and I've had to cut costs. The biggest impact was groceries and gasoline. I can't afford to go anywhere. I haven't had meat and I am SUFFERING. I have been relying on rice and steamed vegetables for the past two weeks. Pizza would be a blessing right now.
[Request] Two struggling college students trying to eat good tonight
my roommate and I are running low on funds and a good pizza would be greatly appreciated
Edit: From Kansas USA
[Request] Bath, UK - Lonely and hungry, could use some cheesy goodness!
Hey guys, I'm feeling a bit lonely at the moment - a lot of problems came crashing down and I just need a little pick me up. Financials have been bad, my relationship with my parents is going downhill and I'm tired of eating pasta with butter for dinner.

I can't offer much in return, but I have quite a few books I wouldn't mind sending you, mostly classics but a few contemporary works. I also do web design and could set up a little personalized page for you (or anyone of your choice) on my domain.

Thanks guys, and I hope to be able to offer a pizza soon... This sub makes me smile =)
REQUEST FULFILLED: just sent Anderson Cooper a pizza (x-post from main page)
http://i.imgur.com/eqO33.jpg

Sent AC a pizza!
http://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/comments/kwlz2/request_someone_should_send_anderson_cooper_and/
[Request] I'm just looking to surprise my sister with a Pizza we can share.
I am under no hardships. I'm just a 17-year-old kid living near Chicago, and I just think that my sister would be pleasantly surprised by a nice pizza. It's been a while since we've had to share something. ;)

Donors, if you're looking to help someone in need, look elsewhere. Although I'd like a pizza, I really don't *need* one, and there's plenty of requests on here that really do.

That being said, if you're still up for helping me be the coolest brother of the day, I live in Naperville, IL. 

Thanks!
[Request] Just a student kicking heroin and oxy and working on homework could really deal with a pizza.
Hey, I'm currently kicking an IV oxy and heroin habit and going through withdrawals and have no money so could deal with a free pizza.  I've never actually done this before so it'd be cool if someone could walk me through.  

Location:  Southern Oregon

Note: Papa John's is the only one that will deliver where I live and I'd really prefer a gift card so that I don't need to give out my address.


[Request] One Manned Band Having Band Meeting
I'm having a band meeting in south Philadelphia for my one manned band and between my manager and I... we forgot food. In return for a cheesy delight I will repay you with a video of me playing an original song with your name in it... and maybe mail you a cat.
[Request] Like a picture on FB and help me and my roommates win free pizzas for a year
"Free pizzas for a year" meaning 24 large two-topping pizza coupons, but still. And of course we'll return the pizza-karma and share a good chunk of the free deliciousness.
Link: http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2864270574115&amp;set=o.20586466623&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf

[Request] Broke and hungry. Will be sure to pay it forward next month! Thanks :3
Well right now my room mate and I are  broke, but pretty hungry. We love reddit, and we decided to give this a try. I'll be sure to pay it forward to some hungry redditors next month.

Thanks so much! :D

edit: ontario canada
[Request] Just Moved into my first apartment [U.S.]
Hey, I just moved into my first apartment and am a little short on cash until next week. Would love some pizza, don't care where it comes from.
[Request] Probably a lot of these out there right now, but I'm stuck at my school for Spring Break and the dining halls are closed. A RaoP would be greatly appreciated.
The title pretty much explains it. I live in New York and flying home to CA for the week isn't worth the expensive plane ticket, and my personal income is quite dismal as a college student, so any Spring Break destination is out of the question. I understand that a lot of people are in the same situation and that it probably isn't the best time to ask for help, but I thought might as well try. It would really be appreciated!
[REQUEST] Pizza for a college student?
I'm an Engineering student, not a Performing Arts student, so I can't make up a compelling back story for why I want a pizza.  I'm hungry, I have no money after Black Friday and something greasy and cheesy sounds awesome right now.  Im not in dire straights to feed my starving children ( I have no children I'm only 22) nor have I been fasting on Taco Bell hot sauce for the past week, I just really want a pizza.  If someone feels like helping me out that would be awesome and after I get my internship over the winter season I promise to pay it forward to someone.
[REQUEST] 3 guys working a Help Desk, and there is no one here to help &gt;:-| Pizza would be nice.
We be working the university Help Desk the day after thanks giving, we might be the only people here. please feed us.
[Request] Broke, currently homeless, and hungry. Have infinite internet though so will be Redditting all night.
First of all sorry for not being an amazing poster on Reddit yet. Still learning the basics of how to post and all the formatting and such. 

REQUEST FULFILLED!! THANK YOU SO MUCH!


[Request] It would be lovely to have something to eat today. 
Hey RAOP. I never thought I'd be here posting. But my week has been terrible. I don't want any sympathy so I will try to keep it sweet and short. 
I got laid off Friday, and I'm going to go apply for unemployment until I get back on my feet. I plan on stopping by the pantry Wednesday (next day they are open). I thought the pantry was open today but they are not. I have a 3 year old and that is the only reason why I am posting. 
I know posting from a throwaway is frowned upon, but I truly cannot work up enough nerve to reveal my identity. However if someone is willing to help I can give my picture ID, my active accounts name or anything else that's requested. 
[Request] Still looking for a job and could use some pizza goodness. (Iowa)
Just moved to Iowa and have been looking for a job since the beginning of the month.  Had a really good job interview today and was wanting to celebrate with the wife.
[request] fam of three in NM wife works full time and goes to school i am disabled and we have a 2 year old. NM
I know this is a new acct willing to do whatever to prove not a troll. e-mail is irishred1825@hotmail. I have athritis in my spine and neck. my wife works full time and takes online classes in the evening and we take care of a 2 year old. some food besides mac and cheese would be fantastic.
Requesting pizza for a small family
Hello! I come to this site looking for a little help getting through a little bit of a tough time. I'm just getting over being sick as a dog. Shingles aren't pretty. I had a few sick days, but I was out for a bit longer than I thought I'd be, so my check is going to be a little short. A pizza dinner would be great. This isn't a real need, but my expecting wife has been craving pizza and my son is doing really well in school. We are a small family and don't need much. We'll pay it back when I can catch up in a few weeks.

Thank you!
[request] Losing my mind, feel I fail at being a parent, and having a nervous breakdown
Received an egift from a person who wishes to stay anonymous thank you so much for helping my family.
[Request] [USA] Food Pantry ran out of food for the day and all I have left from my last trip there is Pumpkin puree
oh and some taco shells, and diced tomatos... nothing much to make a meal from.  If someone would be willing to order me a pizza from any of the major chains I would be indebted to them forever &lt;3
[Request] mentor, ohio. Check doesn't come in till monday, literally no money.
Hey guys my brother just told me about this sub, and I couldn't have heard about it at a better time.

Long story short, I don't get to eat much due to lacking money, but I was hoping yall could help me out today :) 

Anyways any consideration is greatly appreciated, and my tummy will thank you himself! :D
[Request]Denton, TX, Hit and run victim on way to work today. Really craving some Zza.
Was heading to work today when i was rear ended. Rear bumper got completely ripped off and the other driver fled the scene. Car luckily is drivable but needs some repairs[whole rear bumper :(]. Spent just about the rest of my income on ER surcharge but im free of injuries thankfully. Nerves a little rattled after all this and got the rest of the day to lay around and recover. Funds are on low until Friday and would really appreciate the help. 

http://i.imgur.com/yrqlV.jpg  -- Holding it down in the ER. hah
[Request] Been Studying Hard, Sick of Protein Bars and Hot Dogs
I'm currently staying in a motel for a few nights while awaiting a financial aid check, thanks to an assistance program in my local town. I've been eating protein bars, and hot dogs which is what I've been able to afford cooking in a microwave. Anyways, I have class all weekend, studying really  hard and I could sooooo use a pick me up like a pizza! Being homeless has been tough, but I'm working really hard to build a better life for myself, despite a few hiccups...
[Request]ing for the first time.  
I don't really know the right format. sorry. I don't have starving kids or cats, but I would enjoy a pizza.  NC,USA.  Thanks in advance.   
  
PS: trust me, my cats are not starving.  actually they are getting a little chunky.
Request single mother doing her best
I am a single mother recently out of work doing my best so that my little girl can stay happy her father is not around and it gets hard for us Im not on any government assistance and Im in school and it makes me cry at night when I can't even get her something so simple as pizza funny how u realize the little simple things in life like pizza this request is not only for me but more her she would be soooo happy thanks 
[REQUEST] Palmdale, CA. Two broke college kids living in a renovated garage just spent the last of their money on rent/power. Would really appreciate some cheesy relief. Will send picture of cat and beard upon getting pizza'd. Thanks, RAOP
OP will deliver.
[request] NC USA, lonely and hungry
Been eating the same stuff in for a week now, and pizza craving is pretty high.

edit: nevermind, my father surprised me himself.
[Request] My hours were cut at work and I can't afford groceries until Wednesday. Please save me from the raisin bran...
So yeah, I got screwed over at work, I only have a box of Raisin Bran Crunch, a pack of little smokies, 5 oz of bacon, and a bottle of ketchup until Wednesday (and contrary to my username I am not, in fact, drowning in pudding). Any pizza-related help would be much appreciated. Thanks reddit.
[Request] I would love a pizza.
So I just lost my fantasy football match this week and that put me out of the playoffs... so now i would love to eat away my sorrows with a pizza.  Please....
[Request] In the red in my checking account/ maxed out credit card to pay off school this semester.
I live in Galveston, Texas and go to Texas A&amp;M University. Last week my tuition was due and so my school took my money from my checking account, which left me with an overdrawn account and maxed out credit card, which is linked to my checking account. 

I really am in a bind. I signed up for a short term loan and don't get paid until Friday. I do have some food left, but it's all canned stuff that I am trying to save for the next two weeks. I still have the electricity and phone bills to pay next week so I don't know when I will be able to buy food again.
Here's my original comment and PIC in another [thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/comments/il3kf/offer_i_have_some_extra_cash_and_id_like_to_buy/c24nm4c)


REQUEST: A pizza would be wonderful - Las Vegas area.
My boyfriend and I are both college students who survive on financial aid. We have very little money to spend, and don't have the ability to eat out often. Though we are not in desperate need, a pizza would be a wonderful gift to brighten our spirits (and a nice change from pre-packaged food). It's hard to have your nose on the grindstone all of the time and not be able to go out for food or fun, but if there are people who need it more, please, help them!
[Request] Please help my friend out with a pizza, she's been through a lot (in MA, USA). 
My friend Kate is one of the most talented special education teachers I have ever met and is an expert on assistive technology (namely communication devices). She gives voices to many people and has made the lives of countless individuals and their families better through her dedication and relentless work as an educator. She also happens to be the unluckiest person I've ever met - she currently has a broken foot, a uterine tumor, diabetes, a broken car all on top of being broke from student loans and medical expenses. 

She posted a status on facebook tonight that said "At home 3 days with a broken foot, a broken down car and the bank still hasn't sent me a new debit card. Anyone who wants to pay to order me a pizza is welcome to, I can't take anymore Ramen. On the upside I get new X-rays tomorrow and maybe they can figure out why it hurts so much. And my car should be fixed by noon tomorrow." and I immediately thought of you guys at r/R_A_O_P and hope you are willing to help me help her out and let her know that the world isn't always out to rain on her parade. She is located in Massachusetts and I can provide proof if necessary (I'm kind of new to how r/R_A_O_P works so forgive me if I'm doing this wrong)
[Request]Exhausted vet tech too tired to cook and too poor to get food
Work has been really crazy these past few weeks. I'm pretty sure the summer heat is making everyone possessed because I was literally running through the clinic today. I just got home and I have to work a 6th shift tomorrow because a coworker fucked up. If one more person cries on the phone with me I might scream.

Additionally, vet techs and assistants in American make a median wage of $24k a year. With my student loans, it barely gets me by each month. 

Hook a tired lady who had to touch poop all day up with a pizza? 


Edit: I'm a VETERINARY technician. 
Request
My 6 year old autistic son, and my 4 year old daughter are finally back in our home after along battle with social services, the problem is that right now we have 5 more days until our food assistance kicks in for the month, and we don't have much of anything to eat. we could really use a helping hand for them, their mom, grandmother, and myself. I feel worse, because I turn 36 in 8 days, and haven't worked in a few years. between the out of work situation, and dealing with both kids disablilities, you can only imagine the stress. My entire family would be so grateful for any help we could get. thanx to anyone willing to help.
[Request] 
Ok so I'm a mom of three got paid today but my bank is holding the check for some reason. Out of food completely in my house.: -\  was really hoping to get a pizza or two will return the favor as soon as I'm able to touch the money in my bank. 
[Request] Hungry in Indiana, please help!
Evening, Reddit! I've had a rough day, and a pizza would make it so much better! I'm getting paid on Friday, so I'll be sure to give the gift of pizza when I can, but right now I'm hungry and sick of soup. Please help me if you can!
Thank you!
[REQUEST]  hungry in November 
Hi,

I'm down to $2.45 in bank account exactly and eating oatmeal and hungry jack pancake mix to get through November. Would REALLY really appreciate a pizza as it is my favorite food. I'm a hard working young woman just have a rough month ahead of me. 

Thank You. 
[Request] My girlfriend and I would simply love to eat some pizza tonight! It is our favorite meal but we can never seem afford it! Any help would be greatly appreciated :) We are from Washington state btw. Thanks!
I've been a reddit lurker for years and finally made an account so I could request some sweet sweet pizza! Thanks guys! :)
[request] in nj
im looking to get some help! my oldest just got his very first 100 on his spelling test (he has dyslexia) so this is a big deal!!! My other to have been very understanding and helpful taking care of their younger brother (hes 2) who is sick with a cold!! Id love to get them some pizza but I am broke until Friday when I get pd!! Can anyone help?? We have a dominos here locally for delivery...I even have a verification code if someone tells me how it works! 
[Request] Surprise my fiances and her hungry warehouse co-workers!
Long story short my fiance is the only girl in a warehouse full of men that build high end mountain bikes ( Santa Cruz Mountain Bikes )....I planned on surprising her by having a pizza delivered to her station tomorrow for lunch but then I realized her place of work is full of hungry hard working people who would love to get the same treatment......well Reddit what do you think? can we make this happen 
[Request] Struggling family in Norcal, could use some pizza love!
My good friend lives in Norcal and she and her husband have been out of work for a long time. They have a little girl, and won't take any more help from me because they feel indebted and quite frankly I'm not in a financial position to be able to at the moment. I think if a magical pizza appeared at their door, it would make their night/week! 
[request] canada: term papers are over and its Friday!, pizza and Friday just naturally go together don't they

[Request] San Antonio, TX is on bed rest and is craving pizza
I've managed to contract the flu (like the rest of this city). My boss sent me home this morning so no free work lunch for me. Been lurking reddit since I got home. Now I'm hungry.

Never requested RAoP, but it would be greatly appreciated, would also love to pay it forward!
[Request] California, USA Broke and craving a pizza!
Hey everyone! The title pretty much says it all....I'm totally craving a pizza and can't afford one right now :( If some generous, pizza loving Redditor would like to get me one to last until my payday, which is Saturday, I would really appreciate it.

I will pay it forward when I have the means. Thanks!
[Request] Paid for all my friends drinks last night. repaid by having my bank card stolen and getting knocked off my bike by a car! &lt;/sop&gt; [UK]
Feeling pretty sorry for myself, and my face is all bleedy. Pizza would be lovley.
[Request] Just paid rent, bank account is empty; no cash or change, and only have stale tortillas to eat
How's everyone doing tonight?
[Request] Pizza is my favorite food and times are really tough for me.
Hello I  am a 20 year old male living far away from away from all family. My car was towed twice this month, thoroughly draining my account and rent money. And to top it off, now my car won't even start and my foodstamps were unexpectedly cut off :/ Things are rough and I humbly ask for my favorite food, Pizza Hut. Id love to share a pie with my friends this week, theyve helped me so much and i wanna show them I appreciate them. :)
[Request] Davis, CA - We are hungry, broke and unemployed and don't have many options. 
My partner and I just moved to this town recently after living out of our car for a while and are really struggling to get by. We put everything we had into getting an apartment so we wouldn't be homeless anymore. I haven't been able to find a job since moving, and my partner just finally found a job this week and won't get his paycheck for another two weeks. Rent is due tomorrow so we have nothing left for food. We have applied for assistance from other programs but haven't received anything as of yet. (Also normally my boyfriend recieves the GI Bill, but we had to move so he couldn't be in school this semester.) 

Anyways we have never asked for help before and honestly it's hard even writing this, but we are sitting here trying to scrounge together a meal and it's just not enough. We would love a helping hand until we can get back on our feet - then we'd be happy to pay it forward! Also I'm new to this sub and read the side bar, but if I'm not doing anything correctly just let me know :)
[request] Seattle WA, want a pizza, broke for another week
I am an older college student that is broke for another week.  I do have food options in my fridge but it has been forever since I had a delivery pizza.

I am not picky about the chain or toppings (except anchovies, yuck).  I would love just a multi-topping pizza of any size or crust and possibly soda to go with.
[REQ] 2 men, 1 cat
My roommate and I have both just moved into a new apartment recently and are hurting financially post-holiday/move. We would love if someone could forward us a pizza- Friday is payday and I will gladly return the favor. We also have a very hungry cat that won't get off my keyboard.

Thanks! We're in Austin, in case you wanted to creep.
[Request] It's just been a really long few weeks.
Been battling substance abuse for sometime, having some of the usual ups and downs. Can't manage to stay clean longer then a few months. Considering heading back to rehab, which is really scary. Boyfriend dumped me two weeks ago, he's dating a girl I thought was my friend, and they apparently have been in love for quite awhile now. 

Working two jobs has got me drained...and I really don't want to cook tonight. 

Thanks for reading. =]

I live in the southern US.
[Request] College student and could use a little help :)
I have very little in the bank right now, only make enough to actually pay my rent, and have almost no food in my house. Didn't get to spend much time with my family this year. I'm an out-of-state student so I didn't even actually get to go home and have been here job hunting. None of my roommates are in town so I've been by myself for a while. Can anyone help a girl out? I would be infinitely grateful!

Also, I'm not really sure how this works, have never requested anything before. If you would like me to PM you anything else I would be more than happy to. Just don't want to put a lot of personal information for all to see. :/ Thank you so much. This community is the greatest.
[request] dying for some pepperoni
College student at Savannah College of Art and Design dying for a pizza
New to the whole reddit network but looking for a good first experience!

Savannah, ga
[REQUEST]Had cheese and pickles for dinner last night pizza sounds better. 
I got fired from my job (car broke down and I worked about 25 miles away from home) about 2 months ago and have been managing but the money has just finally run out.  I literally had cheese and pickles here to eat last night.  I'm starting a temp job on Sunday (finally :D) so hopefully I will be able to give in the near future.  

This is a great subreddit btw.  It really restores my faith in humanity.  
[Request] no food until friday.. will repay! (Nj)
Im out of options and really could use the help.. im broke until friday and will repay/pay it forward. I haven't been this desperate before.
[Request] Statesboro, Georgia... Pizza Pizza I'm smoking Shisha
Me and my roommates are broke as a joke, would love a pizza.  Currently trying to stop our hunger by smoking the last of the Shisha.
[REQUEST] US I haven't eaten in two days and I'm so desperate and hungry
It's been a rough few weeks due to an unexpected bill, and I've been completely out of food for two days now. I get paid tomorrow (actually 12:45 am tonight, woot!) but oh my god I'm starving today. Can anyone please help me out? I'm at the end of my rope and desperate. 
[Request] - Girlfriend and I just finished moving. She is..
After a long and last-minute move out of our apartment into a new apartment that we really can't afford (long story), we accidentally kicked a hole in the drywall while moving our last boxes. 

Bit of panic later, the girlfriend is currently ZipCar-ing to Home Depot to try to find parts before they close. I told her I would get food--but little does she know I only have $38 in my bank account until **next** Monday. http://i.imgur.com/ceUN6Ht.png

TL;DR - My dumb little sob story. :-/  
[Request] Studying Hungry In Louisville, KY
I'm kinda sick, or I'd go out and grab something myself. As is I don't really **need** pizza, but it is a deliciously warm meal that would fill my stomach with delight while I try to grasp the concepts of partial derivatives and such.
[Request] Reddit, my owner and his girlfriend are high as balls and are otherwise unable to order a pizza, Please help.....Respectively Yours, Dog

[REQUEST] Could really use some food in southwest Michigan.
So, I've been having a really terrible week. On Saturday my cat of 12 years passed away(had him since I was 10, really the best cat i've ever met). On Monday I found out that my hours are getting docked, meaning I have to start saving this very moment or I won't be able to afford both food and rent in a month or so. 

Here's a picture of Ping- my cat, from a few months ago:

http://i.imgur.com/wbF7K.jpg

[Request] Sitting at home, mega stressed about Monday!
Hey all, Im just sitting at home alone... really wanting to treat myself to something yummy to help me get in the working mode for all this stuff I have to do before work tomorrow but I'm utterly broke until payday this week :/ I'd love some help. Thanks so much! 
[Request] Hungry, poor, and would love a pizza (WA, USA)
I'm a college student who's a bit tight on cash right now. Any extra money I have is going towards my projects for my major, so I don't have much to eat and I'm craving a pizza.

FYI, there's no Papa John's in my town - only Domino's, Pizza Hut, and a couple local places - just to keep in mind if anyone is kind enough to make an offer.
[REQUEST] Kind of embarrassed here, but I'd rather not have ramen for dinner yet again...
This is a throwaway account, but I'll provide my regular account to anyone who asks for it over PM. It's just that I have a friend who's a redditor and I'd rather she not know of my predicament :)

Basically I've been eating ramen and macaroni and cheese for the past week because I have 3 cents in the bank. The reason for *that* is that I forgot that my student loan payment hadn't already been taken out of my account and spent the money on some pillowcases, pillows, and sheets instead of on groceries like I should have.

Anyway, I'm not going to starve by any means, but I've run out of macaroni and cheese (and milk) so all I have til Thursday when I get paid is ramen. Location is eastern NY state.
[Request] Winston-Salem, NC - Cause... Tuesday
Hey All,
No reason in particular for wanting a pizza. Really just cause it's Tuesday... and I'm an art school student who loves pizza.
Will pay forward. Will exchange for drawing, art, or other requests.
Random pizza anyone?
[request] Got an eviction notice today but im really hungry
My roomate and i woke up to the pleasant surprise of an eviction notice today saying we have five days to leave and we are still broke but we are hungry and haven't eaten all day. someone save us
[REQUEST] Planning a surprise party for a friend, forgot to budget for myself to eat for a couple of days. Oakland, CA
I'm planning a surprise party for my bestie, and spent money on ordering things and prep, and forgot to budget (too focused on birthday!) for my eating. Oops! Having a pizza would be a wonderful way to unwind from my now-done planning, and I'll be able to pay it forward on Monday, because pizza is the best! 
[request]  Lakeland florida wanting pizza
My husand is working late tonight and me and my wee one would love some pizza.  And my bank account onlyhas enough for rent :(  Thanks in advance and God bless.
[Request] burien wa family of 3 in need of hope
I am requesting pizza for my family of 3 plus 1 on the way we are currently out of work barely scraping by on state assistance and any side jobs we can get our power bill is currently passed due our cupboards are running empty and we don't get any food assistance till Friday we would be greatful for your help the pizza would be a great help to our family and give us a little bit of fun in these hard times our son will be 3 in October and baby due in january
[Request] I will make you an ugly monster plushy if you buy me a pizza.
Hi there Random Acts of Pizza!

So title pretty much says it. I'm broke, had a pretty terrible week, and am stuck at home hungry with nothing to do. I can go into details if you want but I don't want to post a sob story.

I DO however, have lots of scrap fabric, buttons, and time. And I'll totally make you a loveable, ugly plushy monster and ship it to you next week when I get paid if you buy me a pizza from the local pizza hut [like $15?]. I'd really appreciate it, and so would my stomach. Thanks!

[REQUEST] 2 Austin Roommates are very broke and want to sit up and chit chat with a 'za.
Title says it. Really jonesing for a pizza while we chat about the future and money problems. A little something to brighten up the mood. 
[Request] Hungry college student in NC, just finished summer term with straight A's, but I have no money until next week.
I feel kind of guilty asking this, because I'm usually the person helping out others, not the one looking for help. I just finished my summer term last night and wanted to celebrate somehow, and pizza is the go-to food for college students, right? Well, I wanted to order some Domino's last night for a night of PS3 fun but quickly realized it wasn't financially feasible at the time. In fact, I can't even get 10 bucks worth of gas right now to leave my apartment.

If you want, I can get screen shots of my grades to verify. And I **WILL** pay it forward when I get paid next month (my only income is from the GI Bill, as I am unemployed right now). I'll send you the link when I do and of course I will thank you on here, publicly.
(REQUEST) Would love some pizza for me and my daughter
Hi I am in louisville ky and I am asking for help with a pizza and cheesesticks until tomorrow when I get paid..We are down to nothing in our house right now and we are hungry..Could anyone please help us out please..
[REQUEST] California, US I'm going to be honest. I'm just hungry and want some pizza. 

[Request] [US] Home alone tonight with son, it would make our day!
My 5-year-old son and I will be home alone tonight, no Gigi or Papa or Daddy, and we can't afford pizza or any special groceries, so it'd be super awesome if I could surprise him with a nice, warm night inside with games, cartoons, and pizza. It would really make our day! :)
[Request] Friend going to Marine Corps Embassy Duty, will not see him for three years. We would love to celebrate with a pizza. 
He's always looked out for me and I would like to return the favor. He came home as a surprise to us which is great, but i can't celebrate because my girlfriend, son, and myself are going to be moving to a new apartment next month so we're on a very tight budget. We live near Pizza Hut and Domino's. Any help would be greatly appreciated, thank you.

I would be more than willing to provide proof in any way possible.
[Request] Gastonia, NC  
No sob story, just a request
 I am about to move to a new apartment, and my girlfriend and I have a need for pizza pie to give us the energy to go. I have no artistic talent or anything to give you in return. How about I make an ms paint picture as a thank you for your good deed (my skills are bad so this should be funny).
[request] three adults and a baby, can't get food stamps, grocery money running low. rent is due this thursday, and we're cutting it close.
I'm living with my ex boyfriend, as he works in a factory third shift and can't take care of the baby but wants to live with her. His brother lives with us because his mom is a dangerous person and has nowhere else to go. He got laid off five months ago, when our baby was born, and because his employer didn't do paperwork, we were only eligable for one month of food stamps. 

He went back to work not too long ago, and when our lease was up, we could barely afford a new apartment. I was also just diagnosed with depression, and my medicine is another thing we have to worry about. Our situation is very overwhelming to me, and I don't know how we're going to get through this. 

I wouldn't do this if I knew we would be okay, we have doctors appointments that are coming up, medicine to buy, food, rent, bills, tons of other things that are stressing us out, and when I found this, I could breathe a sigh of relief. Please help us have a night where we don't have to worry so much, and I can repay you in cute baby pictures. :)
[request] Having major surgery on Monday, would kill for my last good meal this weekend to come from Dominos!
So, I am having surgery Monday to hopefully end years of a painful rare kidney disease. I am sitting at home today realizing that today is really the last day I could really enjoy a great meal but I am broke.... 

I keep thinking about a week or more worth of hospital food, ok the jello will rock, and I am jonesing now for a pizza! 

I will be more than willing to pay it forward once recovered!
[Request] Broke College Student
Currently been living on about 30 dollars for the last week and a half in college, waiting to get my student loan. There's been a strike going on though so I couldn't try to schedule a pickup until this week, and today I learned they still think I'm on my probation from last term (Which I corrected by achieving a high enough GPA and got off probation with the school, but not OSAP). 

Anyway, it's going to be a while before I can even pick up that loan but even after all that it will take a little bit before it's deposited to me. A pizza would easily last me a few nights worth of dinner and certainly beat the rice krispies and peanut butter sandwiches I've had for every meal the last week.

Once that loan comes through I'll be sure to pizza it forward if someone comes through for me :)

I'm located in Oakville, Ontario
[Request] Roomate and I could use some uplifting pizza - we will pass it along in the future!
We're not going to make up a sob story. We are both are employed full time and going to college full time, and thought it would be fun to give this a try. We would be more than happy to pay-it-forward should this work!
[Request] Cousins and Myself are stuck at hospital with no food or money. Little guys and I would love some pizza
We are visiting our uncle at the hospital (ORANGE COAST MEMORIAL MEDICAL CENTER in Fountain Valley, California). My cousins are 7 and 12 and I am a 21 year old broke college student. We are starving and have been waiting for hours. Would love some pizza. 
[REQUEST] Starving Students stuck in 3+ Hour Constitutional Law Class Request Pizza [x-post /r/RandomActsOfPizza bc my classmate doesn't know his subs] 
**Boston, MA**

So. We have this fabulous Constitutional Law professor who had to reschedule a few of our classes for I'm not sure what reason... I think she was at a conference, or something.

Anyhow, this means that today our class is, at minimum, 3 hr and 15 minutes long... but she usually runs over time. Because the class is from 10.45 am until 2 pm (it's 11.45 as I post this), this means that we also will be missing all of the club-meeting opportunities for free lunch. 

Pizza would greatly be appreciated as we listen to Scalia arguments!!

*[original post](http://www.reddit.com/r/Randomactsofpizza)*


[REQUEST]Boyfriend and I just moved to Athens, GA. New jobs, but no money and we just shared our last ramen.
We're pretty freaking hungry. We get paid Friday but until then we have nothing. I knit like a madwoman and I will gladly send a knit good of your choice in return for a delicious pizza.
[REQUEST] We haven't received our food stamps yet, and my sister and I are starving.
...Okay, we aren't *literally* starving (we have a few things to hold us over), but the only thing we have thawed out is hamburger meat, and we're going to do hamburgers tonight. However, my sister and I would love something to hold us over until then!

My mom's out right now, so a pizza to share between the two of us would be swell. &lt;3 I'm willing to go pick it up too, so you save money on the delivery!

I really don't know how to market this, sorry.

**edit**: plus, pizza just sounds really good. we're from the bay area~
[REQUEST] No food on Independence Day! PLEASE HELP! (Ohio)
I would really love some pizza. Actually, any food would be good right about now.
[REQUEST] Dunnellon, FL  Paypal takes 3 days to transfer.  Entirely out of food today.  Trade PP for Gift card and will Offer Gift card here when the rest transfers.
I have cash in paypal but none in my bank account.  It takes three days for it to hit, and a couple of pies would bridge that lapse.

I need someone to swap me a $40 Domino's gift card for $40 in paypal cash and in return when the rest of my Paypal hits my account I'll offer a gift card here to someone who needs it.

It'll cost you nothing to help and gets someone else a gift card. :)

This is my first reddit post, I found RAOP while going through search results looking for pizza places that take Paypal (If only I lived in the UK I could do it directly).

To be clear I am happy to send the cash first if you're a regular here.  I very much understand this is out of the ordinary.
[Request] Girl in North Texas, lost my house in the Central Texas fires.
My house was completely destroyed in the wild fires. Up in Dallas staying with my friend who is currently unemployed if anyone could send a gift code it would be very much appreciated. I don't know when I can repay the favor to RAOP but I will at some point.
[Request] Didn't get paid today. Would appreciate a pizza
I am a student and I work at my school's IT call center. Pay day was supposed to be today - but everyone's time sheet was not submitted due to a clerical error. I only have .88 cents in my checking account and was really counting on getting paid today so I could go buy groceries. I have some staples in my pantry, but those really need to last for two weeks until next payday. I would really appreciate a pizza to make up for not getting paid today.
[Request] Bozeman, Montana graduate student will pay it forward next week.
I'm a graduate filmmaking student at Montana State University in an MFA program. I'm currently working as an equipment technician on a series being produced for Discovery Channel. However, the company I actually work for is based out of the UK and getting my first paycheck has been quite a long time coming, as paperwork and such takes awhile to go back and forth. I'm currently down to $2.00 in my bank account.

I am expecting to get my first paycheck next week and will gladly re-visit this board to pay the pizza forward and buy one for someone else who needs it. 

Thanks for listening. :)

EDIT: ReillyBoy helped me enjoy a delicious pizza from Dominoes and went even further. She has reminded me that generosity is alive and well in a time when selfishness seems to have run amok. 
[REQUEST] My roommate and I will be up way too late studying political philosophy at Purdue. Please sooth our minds and our stomachs with some delicious pizza!
We're both poor college students at Purdue, in West Lafayette, IN, and need a break from studying if some beautiful soul is kind enough.
I should note that this is my first time using this, and once summer aid comes, I'm going to happily give pizzas in kind. Thanks guys!
[Request] Having a friend come to visit me at uni soon, would really appreciate a random pizza over here (UK)

[Request] Hungry and jobless, with nothing left to sell
Hey ROOP, I recently was "let go" from my job, after asking for a month and a half to be scheduled more than 6 hours every two weeks. I've been searching for a job for the duration of this slow, twisted screw-over, but have had no luck. I will receive *some* unemployment, but it will not come in for another two weeks, provided my last employer doesn't somehow convince the state to also screw me over. It's been an unusually rough patch in my life, and I'll spare you the details of everything else, but I'm 3,000 miles from my family and they're too broke with medical bills to help. 

Would anyone be so kind as to order me a pizza and feed me for a few days?

Much love,
Preston
[REQUEST] payday tomorrow, promise to pay it forward! (NC)
We had an emergency that left us with one dollar in our bank account today, I would love to treat my 2 year old and 4 year old to a pizza for being so understanding the past week about how tight money has been. I will pay it forward tomorrow by getting a pizza for someone on here! Thanks for reading! (I am also verified (?) )  
[Request] Former US Marine asking for help - Toledo, OH
I wouldn't normally be asking random people for help because I dont like asking for things but im in a tough spot right now. I was an explosive specialist from 2002-2006 (2006-2008 Inactive Reserves) I now work in security (im at work now) I dont make alot of money even with a college degree, I dont get paid until friday I have no lunch and no dinner (well I have 3 boxes of mac n cheese at home) I litterally have 3 boxes of mac n cheese 1 package of hot dogs and 3 cans of sphagetti o's to last until friday...so if anyone could help and get me something to eat and maybe take home to my wife and two kids I would greatly appreiciate it. I have proof of serive if you want it.
REQUEST
i am a 26 yr old house wife and mother. My family and I have been eating Ramen Nooodles and PB&amp;J sandwiches for the past week and the food stamps dont come in for another 4 days. I would like my family especially my 2 yr old son to have something a little more tasteful to eat.
[REQUEST] FRIENDS OF 4 SEEKING COMFORT IN FOOD BECAUSE WE ARE DESPERATELY STARVING AND WASTING AWAY INTO BONES
dear seattlites, and even those who live far away, I ask you just for one second of your time. I swear it wont take long, and I swear I wont ask much. All I'm pleading with you for, is a nice hot vegetable/meat covered sweet sensation bringing belly filling pizza pie. We are a house of 4 friends who due to unlucky circumstances have found ourselves jobless and on the verge of losing our home. This is all we ask, is for some food for our stomachs so we may have energy when setting out on our quest and turning in resumes. Our sweet loving dog Oliver has begun to suffer as we have resorted to eating his dog food and his supply is slowly dwindling. Please dearest humans with money in your pockets, dearest humans with food on your table, share your wealth and increase our health. Love surely, the inhabitants of the house on the corner.
[Request] Pepperoni pizza (GA) 
Before making this post, I did read through several threads and the sidebar on the right. I heard about this site a few months back on ABC, but I did not think to sign up. 

I don't have a sob story or any real need for a pizza other than it will brighten my day. Since I've been on the site for a few days, my request will more than likely be overlooked. I'm not complaining :D ! I realize this is all random and that there are others out there who may have a genuine story and need pizza tonight. To everyone that has donated, keep doing what you're doing :)
[REQUEST] drunk as fuck neeed to eat
sunday funday at m buddys im to broke to get a pizza and to high not to get a pizza please help me will send shit in return
(request) ? 
i don't know how this works...but pay check isn't coming in till Monday. no money now and a pizza would be awesome for the spirits.  
[REQUEST] NJ, USA A lot of things seem to go wrong in my life around my birthday. Could really use a pizza. 
To start things off, my birthday was March 7th. Last year i spent my birthday with my exgirlfriend. She brought me to a beach, then to a bar in seaside for food. We fought all day. This year i spent my whole birthday working in a sheet metal factory from 7-6pm. One friend smoked me up, then the rest of the night i spent smoking up all of my other "friends." My best friend didn't hit me up till 3am the next morning. 
Now that i'm done being a little girl, heres what really sucks. i got laid off at the factory two days later because my boss's twin daughters were hospitalized for something. Last week my car exploded on the parkway while on my way to secure a new job at a dispatch company working on ambulances. Water pump exploded, lighting my alternator on fire.  AND NOW. My droid 2 was stolen from me at a party last saturday. NOT TO MENTION THE BRAND NEW ITOUCH I GOT FOR MY BIRTHDAY FELL OUT OF MY HANDS WHILE FUMBLING WITH MY KEYS THE NIGHT I GOT IT. 
TL;DR broken itouch, got laid off, car broke, phone stolen, lost career opportunity could really use a pizza.
request brookhaven pa 
i have 3 kids and i live her ewith my husband we are struggling my husband just got laid off from work and i would just like something to be able to reward my kids to let them have something special.
[Request] Currently house/animal sitting for a friend, but she left no food besides half an onion... Can anyone help me out? (Boston, MA)
i also started a new job, so after my first paycheck, i can pay it forward, or pizza you back up! thanks for the help guys
[Request] Been broke for half a month, almost completely out of food. Really, really want a pizza.
~~I've been broke since the middle of the month, with not even $5 in my account at the moment. I've got a little bit of food, but it's only enough ramen to feed one person here, and there is two (A relative). I've been wanting pizza for two months, but haven't really had the cash. As with most of the recent posts here, I'll get paid on Friday, and would gladly reimburse you after then. It's 8pm here, as of this post. My only local pizza place is Dominos.~~

~~And hey, if you've got Steam, I can give you some trading cards I have left over, if that's your thing.~~

EDIT: I've been pizza'd!
[REQUEST] Pie in Brooklyn, NY for a starving writer?
Hello, I'm TMHS, a "professional writer." This means I'm constantly broke. I have exactly $2.37 to my name until I hopefully get paid at the end of this week. My pathetic funds aren't even enough to buy my usual staple of poverty pasta from the corner store. I've been living on one meal a day for about a week, and have officially run out of food in my apartment. Its really either this or a condiment medley for dinner, so if you could find it in your heart to help me out, I would really appreciate it. 

In return I will write you a personalized short story about any topic of your choosing. It can be funny, sad, sexy, anything you want... maybe a combination of all three? Hmmm?

Thanks in advance Reddit!
[REQUEST] [UK] GF just gave me HIV
Hey reddit, ive just been diagnosed as HIV positive thanks to my prostitute of a GF, and i mean actual prostitute. I was stupid enough to stay with her once i found out, she gave me a list of promises which i bought into and im paying the price. I have had to drop out of my medicine degree at uni thanks to the diagnosis and my friends are already treating me differently like an invalid - my best friends are all out tonight and havent invited me and think i dont know. I have no career, a huge student debt and a bottle of vodka to keep me company tonight. Would really appreciate a nice pizza before i have to face what happend with my life. If anyone can help please do.

thanks reddit and sorry about my whinging
[REQUEST] IL, USA best friend is shipping out for active duty, wanna have a best friend pizza night before she goes =(
Puh puh pleaseeeee
[Request] First baby-free night in a while, but don't get paid 'till Friday?
Hi there.  I was hoping that maybe someone would be willing to donate a pizza to my SO and I.  My mother has our baby for the night and I would love to relax with some pizza and video games, but I don't get paid until Friday, and our kitchen is starting to look rather bare.  You can believe I will definitely be passing this forward when I get paid.
[request] Pizza for student, will pass on....
Well like the title says, just basically looking for an angel, somebody to guide me, a big brother or just simply a break. I'm 18 going into my 2nd year of college and on the top ramen diet. I am broke, I got less a dollar in my bank account. Books have taken the most of $ and I have been applying for jobs but it has not been easy. If you can find it in your heart to simply give someone a break. Please it would be great. I promise to pass it on when I get my loans in.
[REQUEST] Just got offered the new job.  Been a rough couple of months, would like to celebrate
SO finally after months of working part time and interviewing I was offered my dream job.  I've come to reddit a lot the last few months looking for  advice and entertainment.  

I'm just about through my savings so the next few weeks until I get that first paycheck are going to be really really tough.  I'd love to celebrate with a pizza tonight instead of the standard issue ramen/spaghetti.  I can post a picture of something and most certainly will pay it forward once that first paycheck comes in.

THANKS GUYS 

EDIT: I live in the western subs of Philly
[Request] Any love for Pizza Cat?
Hungry and broke college student here, would be eternally grateful for a pizza to hold me over until I can afford groceries again later this week. [I painted Pizza Cat for y'all!](http://i.imgur.com/W1513UK.jpg)
[REQUEST] Dad's a redditor and I think a pizza from other redditors would make his day. 
His business is not doing so hot (printing - just like from the show The Office hah.) and he hasn't been too happy about it. I know I could go out and get him a pizza but A) I don't have any money B) He would go completely crazy if he knew it was from reddit.


Thanks guys! This subreddit is amazing. I love you guys
(Request) No funny business here!
Alright guys, I don't have some major sob story, my life isn't that bad or anything, I'm just broke until next Thursday when my University issues refund checks to students. My promise to you all, is that if I can get a pizza tonight, I will pay it forward to a lucky individual next week, when I get my loan money from school. Otherwise, I'm making ramen tonight (again). Here is a picture of me with my scooting goggles on, so you know how serious this is. We roll hard down in the southwest. 

http://i.imgur.com/q6D4x.jpg
[Request] Melbourne Florida. $160 Dollar vet bill really put me behind this month. Would love something other than ramen.
The things we do for our pets...
[Request] Stressful Monday Need Pizza
Anything in Madison, WI
[Humble Request] Need help on an adventure I'm planning on going to get a second chance with the one that got a way.
The title pretty much says it, if you need verification, or more info or anything else please PM me. I messed up once and I'm hoping on going on a 'Highventure' to make things better than they were before I lost her.  Oh and BTW, she's leaving to college real soon so I'm a little worried having all this pressure and whatnot. If you have any ideas on having a memorable Entventure please do tell. Thank you.
[REQUEST] Detroit, MI: My New Year's resolution was to not go a week without eating pizza. So far so good, 'til now.
I'm nearly out of money and I'm running out of time. I lost my job in January and need pizza soon or else my New Year's resolution is a bust. I DO have a job interview tonight at 7:30 p.m. (EST) and it'd be nice not to go on an empty stomach. Reddit, could you kill two of my birds with one stone by ordering me a pizza so I can eat lunch AND dinner?!
[Request] Greenville, SC USA looking for a great Christmas pizza
Hey, my bank account is over-drawn by $127. All I've got in my fridge is a half gallon of milk that expired 3 days ago, 2 bottles of woodchuck that I think are probably older than I am, and a slice of munster cheese. If there's anybody out there that would be in such a giving mood as to donate a pizza so I can have a good meal tonight and tomorrow it would be much appreciated. Merry Christmas to all of you here on RAoP.
The Sea ate my card. (request-barter)
Today while on a 5-6 hour hike, We returned to the city and I came home realizing that my ID'S Debits and all of that good stuff did not make it back with me and being in a new place this month the fridge and cupboards have nothing in them. Accept for a pouch of taco seasoning which might be ok but... 

Sadly being 10:43pm I cannot get my bank stuff figured out.
I do not want it for free I most defiantly want to barter here 
is a list of things I can provide.
-Pay it forwards once cards renewed
-Write you a personalized poem (Hand written and shipped by request)
- Anything graphic design or audio engineering related 
- a print of some of my art work (Sent by request)
- or anything you can come up with that I'm able.

I have never done this before I'm curious to see the outcome
Cheers :)
[Request]Been eating noodles for the longest
I hate these damn noddles! I think I'm going to dry up like when you put salt on a snail. Any pie can be helpful, I've been eating them for about 3 weeks already and I'm annoyed with life.
[request] UK Leeds I'm home alone and starving, will give a diablo 3 guest pass or something else as a gift.
I don't have diablo 3 yet but when it finally gets delivered i will give you the guest code, if for some reason it doesn't have a guest code i will give you something else.
[Request] Pizza for the Kids =) (verification code)
Hi im the Mom of 5 One is on his own im home with the other 4....... ages are 3,5,13,15 We are on One income , we dont ever eat out at anywhere, smallest is Autistic and Loves LOVES pizza he dont talk alot, but he sure can say hot dogs and pizza =) we have noodles and mac and cheese ect, but he keeps saying pizza so i thought i would throw this out there and see if anyone would get the kids a pizza, i dont need any for me but they would love it , im in lewis center ohio zip code is 43035. I have always paid it fwd. thanks for Reading. have verification code too
Random Iowa City college student - [request]
Hello friends!  I just got back from classes and I really don't feel like cooking tonight.  I was going to order a Papa Johns pizza but I just bought gas and can't really afford it right now.  Would anyone be so kind?  I have a gift-able copy of portal on steam if some kind individual would like it :)

Also I'm fairly new (previous lurker) to reddit and I heard about RAOP, you folks are doing FSM's work.
[Request] College Student Pulling All Nighter
I'm a college student pulling an all nighter to study for finals. I'm pretty much broke at this moment I have $6.29 in my account and a dollar in my pocket. I would appreciate it if someone would send me a pizza. Please and thank you!
[Request] [UK] My boyfriend has had a bad day and is feeling pretty down. I'd like to cheer him up with a nice pizza, but unfortunately have no spare money at the moment :(
I've planned a fun evening for us, but a surprise pizza would be really amazing! I will of course pay this forward when I am able to :)
[REQUEST]Here in  El Dorado hills, CA and would love a pizza for tonight or tomorrow night.
Have enough for a few meals for the next 2 days, but would love to have a nice pizza!
[REQUEST] student wants pizza, please!
I'm pulling an all nighter tonight studying for my test, could really use some pizza
[request] Wichita Falls TX; I've been broke for almost 2 weeks and just trying to make it those last 4 until payday.
There seem to be a lot of people on here more deserving than I am but I will give it a shot.  I'm a 24 year old public servant (Police/Fire Dispatcher) and my last check came up way short because of some unforeseen BS.  I've made it almost 2 weeks with 5 bucks but with 4 days left its run out and I've run out of ideas.  Any help would be appreciated. 
[Request] Murfreesboro, TN. My life is ruined.
StumbleUpon brought me to this: http://randomactsofpizza.com/info.html#started

and that was 4 hours ago. I've been mindlessly browsing this site for 4 whole hours. I don't even NEED StumbleUpon anymore. FOUR HOURS. I'm amazed, and thrilled. I got brave and tried to make a comment, when I realized I hadn't actually created an account yet.

Hopefully I'm doing this right. Just requesting for one. I can share with my kitter. I just need something greasy to console me. I might never leave here. Is there anything I should know in general about Reddit? Obviously, it's a really confusing place.
[REQUEST] Spent money on my trip home this weekend for Easter, not enough $ to buy groceries. Would love a pizza right about now :(
Recently quit smoking weed to save on the expense. Can't remember the last time I spent money that wasn't groceries. Could use some pizza to eat my stress away :). Will pay it forward when I'm in a better place.
[Request] Broke till Wednesday. New city, no family or friends to call.
[Edit:  Fountain, Colorado]

My wife and I live on my social security, and anyone out there on it knows the dates for benefits always suck because it never pays on the same date, always making things bad.  Our families are several states away and they're broke too.  My grandmother sent us cookies a few days ago and that's what we've lived on other than some instant rice.  We even started googling whether we can eat the cat's food.  We usually only eat one meal a day and a pizza would get us so much closer.  

I have been pizza'd before in a contest and we gave that away months ago to someone who needed it a lot more than us.   Thank you RAOP.
[Request] San Diego USA Baby sitting little rascals tonight:  2, 4 and 5 year old boys
Keeping an eye on them all is a chore, help with dinner tonight would be greatly appreciated! I'll be sure to pay-it-forward when I can.
[Request] Interracial best friends looking for a sweet oasis from this hungry world
Hello, me and my white best friend are sitting here dreaming about the scrumptiousness of melted cheese amongst risen bread. My friend and me are dreaming of little animals being murdered to be the topping upon our delicious oasis.

Okay, two broke seniors hanging out empty house, no food, no parents to give food. And we just got done mowing two senior citizens' lawns if it makes any difference. Thanks for the help
[Request] Hungry, just moved, no cash until tomorrow, can trade Paypal cash.
Hi Reddit, I don't really like asking for help but my daughter and I just moved into our apartment a week ago and we are going through a bit of a rough patch [financially](http://i.imgur.com/9IH4v.jpg). At the moment we have [no food](http://imgur.com/a/UCUvL#0) except some condiments. My daughter is extremely hungry and words can not describe how low I feel about not being able to feed her. I really thought I planned things out well but I did not. And now she has to suffer for my screw up.

As I stated [I have Paypal cash](http://imgur.com/2AO2c), but I do not have a paypal debit card, If someone would want to do a trade I'd appreciate it. If anyone can help but does not have a Paypal I can send you a [$25 Bath and body works GC](http://imgur.com/a/UCUvL#0). It is my fault that I did not plan things correctly, and this is my last option for today to make things right for my daughter. I am not in any way shape or form asking for a handout or a freebie, I just want to make a simple trade so my daughter and I can eat tonight. I'm not posting on my real account because I'm ashamed that things turned out this way and I feel I should only be here to help and not to be helped. But I can do a trade and pay it forward to make it up. If you want any more proof please don't hesitate to ask, I can give my account name and more picture, even a picture of my state ID. 
[REQUEST] Toronto, ON, Canada: Would love to reward hard workers who works day &amp; night.
There`s these ladies who always work in the Wilson subway station. One of them has a toddler and brings her over all the time. They work so hard, and they deserve to have a slice of pizza. Maybe crowd their business and make a lot of purchases or tips. Because sometimes I see the tip cup and it`s only filled with quarters. Let`s turn those quarters into dollars, into bills!
[REQUEST] Burleson TX USA
My wife and kids, and mother in law left this morning to Washington state to visit her family she hasn't seen in about 20 years.. We saved up for airfare and money to spend while they were there.. I just got a new job about 2 moths ago. We were drowning in debt but with this job, are afloat again. well, we bought me groceries for my stay at home this week (ramen, easy mac, hambuger helper) so she could have as much money that was left for them ($300) to spend while they were there. All i would like is a half meat lovers half pepperoni and jalapeno on thin crust from pizza hut. i have no $ to spend until i get paid next week on the 20th. If you can help out, thank you. If not, help someone more needy. Ya'll have a good one.
[request] Ohio USA Broke college kid who doesn't get his refund check until August 2nd, and has no other income.
Been pretty hungry lately, it's hard to find a job since I have no prior experience so I have no regular source of income. My college gives out refund checks but not until August 2nd. Could really go for a pizza or hell even just some breadsticks I don't really care. If you need any other reason, my 21st birthday is August 10th, and also I live in Ohio. That should be the biggest reason, this place blows. Any thing would be appreciated! 
[Request] Ran out of Ramen noodles this morning, a small/medium pizza would carry me until tomorrow.
I thought I had enough to get some more ramen, but it turns out that I used my remaining quarters to do laundry. I do get paid Friday, but until then I'll be at the mercy of my hunger pangs. A little pizza would go a long way. Reddit, help a brother out!
[Request] Fresh College Grad Looking for Something to Munch on While Gaming :D
I just received my Bachelor of Science in Statistics this past week. I would love some free pizza to accompany my evening of video games! 
[Request] Anybody want to send me a Pizza? Please don't consider me first, I really don't need it, send a pizza to someone who is having a bad day.
I'm at my friends house and we just had a craving for a nice pepperoni pizza. It would be awesome for anyone to send me a pizza, but please send one to someone who actually needs it first. But if you do send me a pizza I live in beaverton, OR. Message me for more info! Thanks Pizza givers!
[Request] New Westminster, BC, Canada
So my cheque from my temp job decided not to show up in the mail today, and won't arrive until Monday at the earliest now.  I am down to three cans of tuna, and two packages of ramen.  Anyone out there feeling generous?
[Request] Broke student, Calculus test in the morning. Pizza would be awesome right now.
I have to spend my night studying calculus, it's either ramen noodles or pizza, I am hoping for pizza. (Chicago)
[request] Delray Beach, FL Would really appreciate some dinner.
Hey guys,

It's been a shitty day at work, we don't even have enough money to buy paper towels, my cat is sick and I just give up on today. I'd really appreciate it if someone could buy me and my boyfriend dinner. I give up on today.
[Request] a pizza would be great, I'm kinda poor til class starts again.
Thanks in advance if anyone wants to help, I'll pay it forward when I can.
(Request) Newly single mom in St. Louis Looking for help
I had posted a request in food pantry and it was suggested maybe to come here. I just was needing help for tomorrow, I will be able to shop on Tuesday. It's just me and 3 kids and yes I'm new and I know that's frowned upon. If you can help I can send you the money back this week. If you can't help please don't be mean, I'm not used to having to ask for help and it's hard for me. 
[REQUEST] Huntsville, Tx Well guys.
I got a new job that started earlier this month, and they only pay monthly. So its either eat or not go to work for two days on the job i just started
[REQUEST] [UK] No sob story, just broke and craving pizza
I'm broke right now but in a few weeks will be able to pay this forward and buy pizza for someone else - anyone willing to help me out and satisfy my pizza lust?
[Request] Four University of Texas at Austin students needing pizza to warm their hands and feet.
These are the reasons we NEED pizza:

1. One of our roommates is lost in a storm and we would like her to have some melty, tomatoey, cheesy goodness when (if) she survives and makes it back to our dorm.
2. One roommate is banging her head on her desk and if we had a pizza it would be a good cushion so she wouldn't hurt her head.
3. Our toes and fingers are cold and we could use the leftover pizza to warm them.
4. One roommate has an exam and is laughing hysterically. Probably to keep from crying. We think pizza would help.
5. This same roommate just announced that she had to fart. We need pizza aromas to cover up the smell of her toxic waste.
6. Lucy is lost.
7. We can't have our pet unicorn in the dorm, so we think pizza would be the next best thing to have (sloths aren't allowed, either).
8. I just needed to have one more reason so that our list would have an even number of reasons because odd numbers are gross.

Peace and blessins'

[request] knoxville tn broke &amp; haven't eaten since yesterday. A pizza would be food for days.
Simply put, I'm a broke college kid who hasn't eaten since lunch yesterday...and when I say broke I am not exaggerating. I was paid today and had to use the entire check to pay my bills. I'd kill for a pizza, especially since someone walked by me with a fresh one earlier and the aroma has stained my nose. 

Details: I'm not a freeloader--I currently work on campus and am in the process of finding another job. It's surprisingly more difficult than expected, as I don't have a car or the money for a bus pass, so I have to stay in walking distance. I just got home from a 12 hour day on campus so this pizza would be the best way to end the day. 

Please be my pizza hero! 

[Request] One who's given needs some help
College student with a fixed income here. Payed the utilities, bought gas, and now have nothing left till friday payday but a couple dollars. I've eaten enough Ramen and Chef Boyardee to last a lifetime, I would love a delicious pizza.

I've given before,

http://www.reddit.com/r/RandomActsOfPizza/comments/jrcoj/thank_you_theunrepentlurker/

and will do so again when I have the money, right now I just really want a hot meal that doesn't tasted like crunchy salt...

Thanks



[REQUEST] unemployed and going to school, no money and hungry PLEASE HELP
hi im andrew, jobs have been hard to come by and im in school so im busy. if someone could buy me a pizza, id likely return the favor once i have the cash...guranteed i will :D im hungry so please help. thank you very much
[Request] Texas. Feeling a bit sick because of the cold weather and pizza sounds great. 
Any size pizza will do, considering that I'm the only person home and I have no car or real amount of money at the moment. All meats are good, no veggies. 

Edit: meant real amount of money, not pizza.
[Request] Denmark: Sudden money problem caught me off-guard. Could really use a pizza.
My paycheck for this month is delayed for some unknown reason, and I will probably get my pay in a few days.
 
It would just make my day a lot better with a pizza while I wait on my pay. The last couple of days have been rough.

[REQUEST] No money, lost my job, I can verify all this. Pizza would really help me out. Please, I'm begging you. 
So I just lost my job after four weeks for 'not meeting sales targets.' I had hardly any training, and the boss fired me knowing full well I have a mortgage and kittens to look after. My car has a STOP light showing (Peugeot 207, fucking French shit.) and I have no money in my bank. I'm at my wits end. Please, help me.

Throwaway account.
[REQUEST] Lost my best friend.
I'm in emotional need.

But today I lost my best friend. 

My friend since fourth grade was bullied out of school in 6th, and nobody talked to him. I felt bad for him, and I stuck with him. Several years go by, and I'm still his only friend, so I convince him to come to my school, and meet my friends! So school starts, and he meets my friends, he doesn't really click with them, and decides to meet new people. A month go by, and he meets some really bad kids. Stupid kids no one else likes. Any way, I try and talk to him today, and he gives me a cold shoulder. 

When I tell him what he did wasn't cool (being an awkward homeschooler he doesn't know much about being with people), he apologizes. The bell rings, we go to class. After class him and his buddy come up to me, punch me, and run off. 

This puts me in a bad mood. I storm home. He texts "What's wrong?" I tell him "You, punching me." He then, goes on about how I'm over reacting, because I'm upset, he punched me, and I tell him to go away, not wanting to talk, and he just refuses to believe he did anything wrong.  He then argues, that "I should just suck it up, it's your fault you're in pain, if you weren't so weak, it wouldn't have hurt!"

I then at that very moment, lose it, sh*t hits the fan. I tell him "Screw off. We're not friends. I don't wanna be associated with a person who believe they're not ever at fault." I haven't talk to him since. This was a few hours ago. So I'm just lost. He's one of the few people I had left. 

I'd just like a Pizza to cheer me up. 
REQUEST. Help a family whose mother might have ovarian tumor. 
Hi, to whomever kind soul might be reading this, I am pleading for someone to help/bring a smile to my family. Yesterday, my mother went to the doctor, and her doctor said she has a possible chance of having ovarian tumor. She does not want us to worry but we all know how scared she is. She is the caretaker of the family, and with money being short right now, I know she is stress about having surgery if she does have the ovarian tumor. I do not have any money since I am going to surprise my mother with the money for her to use whatever little money I have given her for the surgery. I am begging a kind soul to possibly donate an ecard for my family so we can have a family meal as well as to let her know that there are people out there who are supporting her. I know there is alot of fraud on this page, but my story is true. Please help my family thank you. 
[REQUEST] My fridge. Can somebody please help me out with a ROAP tonight? 
http://imgur.com/f7baf
I've been living off of ramen for the past couple of days now. Im a college student.. 
[Request] [Ohio, USA] Wiped out by bills, repairing my car and driving back and forth to the doctors..
Been a cancer(glioblastoma) survivor for 3 years now and been trying to find myself a permanent stable job, been surviving but this month has been rough. High bills this month and a car accident have cost me a lot of money, plus the gas use from having like 4 appts with the doctor and oncology(both about 30 min away) have drained my acct to about 2 dollars. It'd be awesome to dig into a pizza tonight instead of try and find something resembling a meal in my fridge or resorting to eating a roommate's food since he's not in the best of situations either.


Halp?
[Request] Glasgow, Scotland - poor student stressed out with university exams, could do with some comfort eating right now
Hello /r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza, how's your international coverage?

I'm home alone in Glasgow on a Friday night with nothing to look forward to for the next two weeks except sitting staring at my final year maths notes, hoping something starts to make sense before my exams kick in. I'm tired, stressed and frustrated, and could do with something to put a smile on my face :)
[request] Los Angeles, CA. I gotta pay rent tomorrow and it's gonna leave me broke for awhile.
If you can help I would greatly appreciate it. If not, I appreciate you reading this. Thanks!
[REQUEST FOR FRIEND] Can't use Canadian Credit Card for American Pizza. :(
I have a buddy in Idaho that's fallen on hard times and is basically doing low level MMA fights to make ends meet. That being said, I'd like to hook him up with some pizza, but Domino's/Pizza Hut and Papa John's doesn't accept Canadian Credit Cards, anyone willing to help him out? 

Full disclosure, he's a DotA buddy, so I don't know him personally but I do know that his life is kinda shit.
[Request] havent eaten today, could really use a pizza (Nor. Cal, USA)
Hey all. its about 4 in the afternoon here and i have yet to get any food into my stomach. There are a couple mismatched things in my pantry (canned green beans mostly), but i would love to have a real, solid meal. Thanks for considering my request!
[Request] Calgary, Canada. Just a lady stuck home sick. 
I would really appreciate a meal without having to walk to the grocery store in my state. I'm rather financially short but I would love to pay it forward with my next paycheque. 
[REQUEST]just a down on his luck guy with no money{south NJ}
just a guy out of money after Christmas shopping for may family. no money left in my bank and credit card is maxed. i got paid last tues and had to go Christmas shopping be for me and my sister (we share an apartment) have to drive to Maine to see our parents for Christmas. i would really be thankful and be in dept to RAOP. me and an IRL friend have always wanted to help someone out on here and i never got the chance but next month is going to be great (huge work bonus) and i plan to give at least two pizza's if not more. but if you could help my sister and I, it would be awesome!

anyway thanks for reading reddit!

chunk 
[Request] Hungry student.  
College has taken forever to review my residency form and I can't accept my loans until the "non ohio resident" charge is removed.  I can pay it back (or forward if you prefer) when my residency goes through and I get my refund money.  Been a redditor for 3 years and and have a verification code.
[REQUEST]Free music fer pizza
i will write and record a song of any subject matter/style for a pizza pie. the song is yours. :-) starving artist in south georgia  
[request] DFW-Area Texan (for a month now. HOOWAH!) would love to make out with and swallow a pizza.
I shall do most anything in reason. I recently moved down here.. In the bumfuck middle of nowhere.  I live a stone's throw away from the Speedway.  I feel disconnected from the world.  I'm ACTUALLY looking forward to the meteor shower tonight-- as there's absolutely no light pollution around where I live.  Maybe enjoy it with a pizza? :)
[Request] My GF and I are sitting at home, working on a guide to give out to all the stupid Freshman and Sophomores who are about to get RAPED by the local realty companies. 
Hello Redditors!

Like the title says, my girlfriend and I are writing a "How to lease your first apartment" guide for all the new freshman and sophomores who are going to start signing leases next week. See, around here the apartment companies build up this hype that all of the best apartments will be gone if you don't sign on Oct 5th. This is such shit! We were able to both get out of really shitty leases and move into a great place halfway through the year and pay less than what . By perpetuating this myth, the leasing offices show kids shitty apartments and make them believe that these are the best ones that are "left" and that the students should pay $400 - $600 per PERSON for these shit holes. 

Basically, we are writing a guide for these students so they wont get screwed. I know that you guys are namely good at giving out pizza (which would be greatly appreciated) but any good advice you have for leasing an apartment is appreciated as well! 

Edit: On Illinois State University campus. Any /r/ilstu -ers out there?

My rough outline: [Dropbox Link to Document](http://dl.dropbox.com/u/6234318/Lease%20Stuff.docx)
[request] Burlington Vt, Room full of Freshman
We are 5 broke freshmen at Champlain college, living in a 5 man room, we missed dinner due to class and could really uses some pizza. 
[Request] Promising job interview tomorrow. FINALLY! We have been living on Ramen for a week. Please help. WA State
My wife and I have gone through hell after the birth of our son. Wife is suffering from postpartum psychosis, and getting screened for possible lupus. This has been needless to say very stressful. I have a promising job interview tomorrow and could use a delicious pizza instead of another night of ramen. I will pay it forward as soon as I can, either through work, or TANF.
[request] Houston, Texas
i haven't eaten all day but it's raining out and i don't have a car. Still looking for a job and I'm a broke college student!
[REQUEST] Family and I are working hard in the yard this morning 
Just thinking a random pizza to come back inside to would make everyone's day and I would definitely be able to return the favor to someone else in the future!

In NJ and we'll be working out in the garden and general yard work as well as house cleaning for about 3-4 hours this Sunday morning. If anyone is rad enough for a random act of kindness we all at our household will be forever grateful to your supreme gratitude! 

Will also share pictures of the tended to garden! The first Tomato is starting to turn red and my corn is growing taller everyday! 
[Request] A Table Top RPG Group in Chicago
I have friends who come over every Sunday for our weekly table top. We always order food or cook a meal for the group. None of us are needy, but I see a potential to get them involved with RAOP. 

If pizza shows up at our game with no knowledge of the players, it would be "magical" and would make them all aware of the RAOP. More importantly, they would now be inclined to participate. 

So, yeah. No one is needy/broke etc, I just wanted to start of a chain of action from our Table Top Adventurers. :)

**Edit: I have no idea how to clarify that this is no longer needed since the time past. I saw that the moderators don't want these things deleted so...**
[Request] First apartment by myself! Help me celebrate with a pizza? (Tucson, AZ)
Hi, /r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza! I just moved in to my first ever apartment a week or two ago, and now that everything's mostly settled I'm out of all foods but bacon and tortillas for the next week. Bacon tacos are tasty and everything, but a pizza would be an awesome alternative. :D
Request- (Really, really long read)I have had the worst luck for an entire Month. I would love a pizza to watch with the Steeler game tonight.
Here is everything that I have been going through for the past month

i went back to the hospital because of suicadal and depression...(Ive already been once, and this time got diagnosed with bipolar)

gave me a shit tons of medicatinos, (I find out later that were all outdated,  and all had adverse side effects with each other)
missed 3 imporant auditions (I am an actor, missed 1 theater audition and two major film auditions, batman and Avengers)'

As soon as I get released from the hospital, I get a nagging throbbing pain in my side, turns out to be a kidney stone, start pissing blood that wont stop for three week

then drove up to CPH (Cleveland Playhouse) for a callback for their first downtown show (Really big deal in Cleveland) while dealing with a kidney stone
on my way there from Parents house, which is  a two hour drive
my car broke down
so every 20 miles i had to get out, fill it up with water in the heatwave
so i just got more dehydrated which is awful for kidney stones, and just made things incredibly difficult and uncomfortable.

get there to the audition all sweaty, delarious, and dehyrdated
fucked up that audition
drove home, same 20 mile bullshit
go home, get the worst pain of my entire life, THE WORST PAIN YOU CAN EVER IMAGINE. Google Kidney stone pain.

While I was in the hospital, I lost my job, (which later turns into cutting hours) because they don't think I am "reliable and stable", so due to this, I can't pay rent on a new place, and my lease is up August 1st, so I have to move back home. 
Work decides to give me hours, but only 20hrs a week, and from my parents house, its over an hour and 15 min away. 
then my 2cd week back at work, i got attacked again by kidney stones
got yelled at again from my boss because I "should have seen the stone coming and not went to work:
Go to the ER, and urologist and they tell me  i have to wait 19 days to get a CT scanto see whats wrong with my kidneys
Get  an email form my old landlord basically saying im not getting my deposit back.

And last night, TO TOP EVERYTHING OFF, someone broke into my truck.


I've passed 3 kidney stones, My kidneys are sore, Im pissing blood, I am broke, Im depressed, and lonely, and would love a pizza for the steeler game tonight. I live around Akron Ohio.

Thanks, sorry for the really long read.
[REQUEST] give to someone who lives in Irenes path
give a pizza to a deserving person that went thru the hurricane, i would myself but im broke myself and good thoughts are not enough to feed people, PLEASE help those who have nothing

[request] Duluth,GA 26(m)
thanks for taking the time to read. due to medical circumstances(i work graveyard shifts, have hard time sleeping during the day, dental visits), i haven't been able to work the past week. therefore, i wont be getting a paycheck this week. i had just enough to scrape by my bills, and put enough gas in my car to get me to work and back this week so i can have a paycheck(finally) on the 20th. im usually ahead of the game/curve, pay my stuff early, etc. its just been a rough month.

if anyone feels like being generous, i only have one condition-let me do something in return. you name it(within reason) as long as it is very frugal in nature. i can write you a letter/card, valentines day card if you're a lady redditor. i can make pictures of my kitty. something along those lines. again, thanks for reading. 

Great uncle just died. Pizza was his favorite. [Request]
Just found out my great uncle died. Pizza was always a tradition at his house. Would love to have a pizza in his honor, as I'm broke, alone, and family and friends are out of town this weekend, so I'm alone in the apartment.

In Utah, USA
[Request] My dog of 18 years passed away last night, I really don't feel like cooking or doing much today
My dachshund, stretch, passed away last night. I had him for around 18 years and he was my best friend. It's put me in a funk all day and I'd love to eat some pizza and be lazy all day. Thanks ahead of time.
[Request] Broke, about to move back home. Would a pizza be too much? :(
Broke as hell and having to move back in with my mom in a week. Would love a pizza to lift the spirits. I'll live either way, but figured maybe someone would be kind :) &lt;3
[REQUEST] dat pizza (UK)
I'm an american archaeology student working abroad in the UK. I don't get paid for a couple more days and I'd like to avoid eating boiled potatoes on their own. Sweet pizza has not passed my lips in over half a year. Can you imagine?

I'm willing to do what I can in return (proofread an anthro related paper? photograph me cutting and consuming pizza with my trowel, while wearing dig clothes perhaps? Salacious pictures of my moobs?) If you've got other ideas shoot them at me. 
Request, unexpected electricity bill
Hello,

I asked an old roommate if he could help me out, and he pointed me to this site. I'm not sure how this works or really what I'm doing. Basically, I was really stupid, and somehow left my refrigerator door open, and my electricity bill went from around $40 to an unexpected $100. I'm honestly not sure what I'm going to do about food in the upcoming week, since I'm out the grocery money I was expecting. I have about 15$ in my wallet, but until they 15th I won't have a paycheck to do anything else. Please let me know if I have to do anything to prove this. I'm embarrassed that I have to beg. To be honest, my stomach hurts today from eating only bread that I froze to make it last longer.

Best regards,

Allen

Thank you DundahMifflin, because of you I will have something tasty to eat for a couple days. I really appreciate it so much. It's so nice to see a community like this.
[Request] Hungry college student hasn't eaten in almost two days. Could really use a pizza!
Hi everyone, 

I'm completely out of cash and won't be paid until Monday from work. I'm currently studying neuroscience and hope to help the world one day. Would definitely appreciate some help from the world tonight.

Note: I don't have a paypal, but dominos/papa john's e-gift cards work great.
[request] College freshman, Kansas USA, dorm cafeteria closed, needin some din'
Cafeteria's closed, can't deposit my first check from work until tomorrow (the ATM at the bank was out of envelopes!!!), got nothin in the way of snacks or frozen food. A hot pie would be extremely appreciated on a gloomy Sunday night like tonight. 
[REQUEST] Just moved in to a new place in washington and spent our last dime on a hidden pet fee.
Throwaway as my only other account is a gonewild one :p. Anyhow my boyfriend i just moved into a new apartment in seattle, paid all the fees, deposit, first months rent and moving costs and even had some cash left over before our next paychecks to buy food and necessary stuffs. Came to get our keys this morning,  all our stuff in cars and a moving truck to find out the landlord had expected us implicitly to pay a two hundred fifty dollar fee when she agreed that our cute black lab rescue, bowser, could live with us. She in no uncertain terms told is it was the deposit or no dog, we paid up. So now we are very hungry  and we could use a pizza- not bowser of course; he has lots of food. Which will hopefully remain a last resort. 
[Request] - accidentally overdrafted helping a friend pay his electric bill. Pizza would really hit the spot about now.
A friend asked me if I had some spare cash to help him cover his electric bill, as he recently lost his job. I checked my bank account and saw that I had the money to spare, so I paid his electric for him. Little did I know that payments I had made to other bills hadn't hit my bank account yet (stupid on my part to not verify this) so now I'm a bit in the hole! I'd planned on buying lunch at the cafeteria here at work, but my card was declined. Anyone out there willing to Pizza me? I'll be able to pay it forward on Friday (Pay day)!
[Request] I'd like to surprise my brother with a pizza.
I'm a little short on cash this week, or I'd buy it myself.
{Request}Recently lost home, Hard to make a hot meal in a motel room! (south jersey).
Me and my fiancee recently lost our home. We were paying rent but the landlord was not paying the mortgage. As a result we had no where to go. We ended up having to stay in a motel untill we can find a new place. After the room is paid for the week and the car is gassed up so My fiancee can go to work just to pay for this room, There is close to nothing left. I have found work recently, but do not start for another 3 weeks. We basically live off of what food will fit in a mini- fridge. With morale being low right now, I think a hot pizza would lift spirits. There is nothing more soothing then some hot comfort food! 
And in the next few weeks I plan to buy someone a pizza myself. ... Pay it forward they say!
[Request] WA is broke with a Bummed knee a pizza would be really epic right now
I am so absolutely broke right now me and my boyfriend have been living off of Ramen for a few weeks. I have a Torn ACL and pretty much confined to the chair. A pizza would really brighten our day up (: 
[Request] 
So if you check my history you'll see in the last three weeks my credit card was skimmed, my car window busted, stitches put in my back without insurance, etc. etc.

Today I just got my electric bill. $320 dollars because my 17 year old thermostat decided it'd be cool to run the AC and heat at the same time. I work part time for a non-profit that doesn't pay much. With everything that's happened, I am tapped out and will be for a couple months. A pizza can probably last me three days of leftover goodness. 

I've been making the most of noodles, rice, and such from the Food Bank for the past week. I'm hungry and I hate scammers. I intend to pay it forward. I have no problems using the verification code/PMing my address/sending you a printscreen of the adorable graph on my bill quadrupling/etc.

Thank you friends.
[Request] Had to get my alternator replaced.  Would definitely love a pizza to make me happy!
Please and thank you!
(request) Starting a new job next week. Could use a hand until then.

[Request] Ate Ramen every day this week. Too broke for food. Help me out?
Just like the the post says. Tried to make it til the next paycheck (tomorrow), but ran out of food yesterday. Haven't eaten today at all and I figured I'd try RAOP. Someone on reddit before sent me crispy M&amp;Ms before so I know people are nice enough to do stuff like this. I can provide proof of brokeness and am definitely willing to pay the pizza forward to either the giver or someone else next week. Even as early as tomorrow. I can provide whatever verification necessary
[Request] Western Montana.  Completely broke, cold, and alone while studying for finals....on my birthday. 
Any help at all would really make this day seem less shitty than it really is. Thanks
{Request} Bloomington, IN Co-operative Living house scammed and in need of food. (explanation in comments
So Let me just start off with an introduction. I live in a house With 13 people. We all Pay for everything together. Including food, It's basically part of our rent. We also have 4 other houses that are run this way and we all work together. Well we went to place our monthly bulk food order this week. we go through this guy who used to lie here because he does it for a few places and get a discount this way. well anyway this week we get a notification that our bulk order didn't go through because the company didn't get our money. So we call this guy and he SWEARS he paid them and its a company error. So of course we called back the company and they did a thourough search and found nothing. Now the man is not answering us or anyone. So We have no food money for this month and no food. It's my turn to cook dinner tonight and i dont know what to do. Can anyone help us out? Thanks in advance
[Request] Have no food for the night, would be eternally grateful for a nice pizza!
I just moved to Indianapolis while I take a semester off of college from Indiana State and I have no food or drink. I was supposed to get money dropped into my account today from a friend that owes me money from work I did for them but they had difficulties with their car. I'm just in a bad spot tonight so if I could get a pizza bro'd to me that would be great. I have a job interview at Marsh soon and I'll make sure to re-forward the kindness as soon as possible. Thanks reddit!
EDIT: read the sidebar and got my verification number!
[Request] Oregon, USA My tummy's mumblin' and grumblin'
Going to the University of Oregon in Eugene and would appreciate some meaty, cheesy, gooey goodness to help me hit the books. Please PM me for the verification code. Thank you.
[request] hungry at work would like to treat me and my 2 employees to some pepperoni
im working at a factory and we all havnt eaten yet today all hungry and payday isn't until tomorrow.....we are here for another 7 hours please someone feed us
[Request] Family of four in need of some pizza. Only have one pack of meat to last until next midweek.
 As said in title, we have a family of four and one pack of meat in our freezer to last until next week. We have like 3 eggs that I am using for my son's 2nd birthday cake tomorrow. Any help would be appreciated. Message me if willing to help. Thanks!
[Request] Some Pizza for a lone boy on his birthday
August 18th is my bday and I love pizza, however it is really expensive, and me not having a job, can't afford it! so hopefully one of you guys out there are willing to send me a pizza! message me!
(Request) Really high right now, would love some pizza.
I'm really high right now and love some pizza.

Morning after
[REQUEST] Columbus GA USA, need a night free of ramen.
While I do love ramen, its all I have eaten for almost 2 weeks and it will be another 2 weeks till I actually have money that doesn't go directly into gas to get to school (100 a week on gas just to get to school) I don't feel like I can stomach another bowl right now, regardless of how much hot sauce I use. Please help me! I have a Dominos and Papa Johns in walking distance of my house. In return thanks and pictures. When I can I will pay it forward. 
Request: Single Mother Forced To Move out of cousin's basement (Aberdeen, MD)
I'm a Single Mother that was forced to move out of my cousin's basement due to flooding caused by hurricane Irene. My children &amp; I have just moved into an apartment, but money is a little tight. It would be amazing to get some pizza!
[Request] No camping...Pizza?
Friends and I had been planning on camping tonight. But I was the only one that actually prepared and I guess really wanted to go because everyone backed out.

Live in Southeastern PA. Would love Pizza.

Edit: I ate large fries last night....
[Request] [Manteca, CA] 17 days sober and kinda having a rough time. Would greatly appreciate a random act of pizza.

[REQUEST] Providence RI .....Hungry and broke till wed :-(
have little $ to get to and from work everyday and probably wont be able to eat much till wed.... an awesome pizza will make an awesome lunch/dinner for the next few days and ill &lt;3 ya for a very long time ^_^
[Request] Cute blonde, rendered carless, wishes for pizza!!
My scary troll neighbors vandalized my car and I had to have it towed today. My poor stomach is growling and I have no way to get delicious noms! Please help me out!!!
[Request] Got fired. I could really use a pick me up/pizza
I got fired over a stupid coworker messing up. He stole my swipe card, signed into the cash till and $300 went missing. Because my name was on the register, i got canned. It's been a really bad day and I just need a pick me up in the form of pizza.
    
I live in Canada if that helps. I fully plan to pay it forward when I can, I just can't spend anything right now.
[Request] Lake Geneva, WI. 17 years old, no sob story, just hungry (for pizza) and broke.
Local delivery is Dominos. I don't have a big appetite either. I'll probably end up gifting some pizza on here in the future, because I think everybody just needs pizza sometimes.
(Request) Family went to peru, left me home to take care of dogs. Ran out of food
My family went to peru and i have to take care of the dogs while there gone, i have run out of food and have no money to buy any.
(ontario, canada)
[REQUEST] Hungry and trying to make it until my food aid comes in (Albany, GA)
I have posted my story before (ironically in a thread kind of about pizza) here:

http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/jkqak/dominos_pizza_deliveryman_saves_dude_from_psycho/c2d11rd?context=3

I don't begin to receive food aid until next month and I'm trying to make it until then.  If any kind soul would like to send me a pizza, I could really use one.  I will provide verification upon request.
[Request] Going to college soon and would really like a pizza!
Going to start college soon and I'm chilling with my friends and we could use a pizza. Not to mention we have to hurricane coming here on the east coast so we may be without power tomorrow. If you want to give me some pizza that would be great!

Edit: location Eastern Mass I can be more specific if need be!
[Request] Pizza would be awesome, I can give something in return as well.
Sorry, this is a throwaway, can provide my real UN if someone wants to help out. 

It would be really awesome if someone could order my husband and I a pizza. We have no children or anything like that. Just broke until tomorrow. We usually plan our money well, but our car broke down 2 times in the past 3 days. First our fuel pump went out, we got that fixed now the battery went out (possibly the alternator which I hope not) . We just bought this car so it cut us short all around.. We don't have enough money to even get the /battery/ fixed until tomorrow as well. Anyways that's the reason why we are broke at the moment. We usually keep our refrigerator full but that didn't happen this week. 

Also..some kind redditor helped us out awhile ago with pizza. I have 10$ in my amazon account I can order something for you in return.. We're just really hungry..

Sorry if this is kinda all over the place I have not slept in almost two days. 

If you need any proof just ask, nothing to hide here. 


[request] 1 pizza for the next 2 days
Haven't been paid in 5 weeks, will be paid next week and can buy a pizza for someone then. Can explain more if I need to but I just feel like eating something other than rice and pasta. 
Thanks
[Request] Ok, so I'm not exactly asking for free pizza. But I have a proposition.
Yesterday, I helped a fellow redditor out by finding a video he's been searching for in return for some pizza. [Link to thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/Music/comments/19u7rr/i_will_order_you_pizza_for_the_right_song/)  

However, since he's in another country, his credit card couldn't go through, and he was unable to place an order online. So he sent me $24 through Paypal. :)

I've been in a sort of a rough patch, and haven't had a decent meal in weeks. So I was really looking forward to having pizza for dinner on a Saturday night. Unfortunately, I found out Papa John's and Pizza Hut don't accept Paypal. 

Now I'm not sure if I'd be breaking any rules by doing this. If I am, please let me know and I'll take this down. If not, then I would be more than happy to send someone $24 through Paypal if they could order some pizza for me. 

Proof of Paypal funds: http://i.imgur.com/7zPm5rt.png
[Request] Oklahoma City, OK.  I have $0.85 in my bank until tomorrow.
Hi guys, I am a broke college student who has been living off of ramen and eggs for the better part of 2 weeks now. 

I have a gig tomorrow that is paying well, but I had my last bag of ramen today and wont have any more food until tomorrow. I tried to make it last, but I'm at the point where I have finally swallowed my pride.

Any help would be GREATLY appreciated.

Thank you - duitse
[REQUEST] Hungry with an empty pantry (Sydney, Australia)

[Request] I just want to see if someone will actually send me a pizza.
You buy a pizza for me, I buy a pizza for two other people on here. 
[REQUEST]Kids would love pizza tonight hopefully
They are asking for pizza and I am hoping someone can help them get one tonight. thanks for viewing. Oh Im in MI
REQUEST: Pizza for an Illinois State Scholar?
So, I got a letter  (shown  [here](http://i.imgur.com/Yxm0D.jpg), for proof and mirrored, due to crappy webcam,) that says i'm an illinois state scholar! Free pizza for being the top 10% of students in my state, and for not having any money buy a pizza myself?
(REQUEST)Parents out and no food in house :(
I have no other reasons i am just hungry and have no food and no shops nearby to walk to. I will be sooo happy and grateful for someone to order me a pizza. :)
Im from Buckinghamshire
[Request] Utah, USA 5 guys on 'vacation' before our friend leaves for 2+ years, would love a pie or 2 to celebrate the good times
We're down at our pal's family-owned home, and we're willing to pay it forward. Our friend is leaving for college and a 2 year service mission soon, and we would love a pizza to enjoy in our last big hoorah together. If you would like an drawn picture of any SFW thing you request, we will draw it for you with questionable quality. We can also offer some motivational words for you, if that's what you'd like. The only pizza place around is Domino's. Thank you!
Request: Long-distance boyfriend (in CO) needs some help... Send him a pizza?
I live in California and my boyfriend lives in Colorado. He lost his job and is struggling to pay bills. He can only eat when I send him money, please please please send him a pizza! Comment or send me a message if you're interested!
Thanks in advance :)
[REQUEST] [UK] Uni Student still working away in the library at 6.47pm on a Friday night!
Loads of work to do and I'm sat here bashing it out but so depressed that its a Friday night! Pizza/motivation greatly appreciated :)
[REQUEST] charlotte, nc
having the very worst of luck lately... i could go into detail, but you've probably seen plenty of sob stories already... the long story short version: ABSOLUTELY NOTHING positive has happened to me over the month of november... and i'm moving thursday when i get paid (hopefully enough to cover the move)

i tried this once before but to no avail so here goes again... and once i'm settled and maybe have a tiny bit of good luck at all paying it forward will be on the top of my to do list... 
[Request] Frustrated uni student looking for a good lunch
So my story... I'm a university student, busy doing homework, lectures and reddit.  I had to cut my work hours down to the times I was available due to school and I've been getting an average of 4 hours a week... ($10.25/hr).

I've been having problems with having enough money to even bring a lunch at school and I've been pretty much free-loading off of my buddy.  I'm just looking for some nice person to help me out so I can treat him back for all the times he's bought me food.  Thank you for taking the time to read my story.

[REQUEST] My birthday is friday but nothing to eat tonight..
Like title says my birthday is the 26th this month but I don;t have anything at all for me or my 5 year old to eat for dinner tonight. Was wondering if someone could help us out with a pizza to get us by til i get paid on my Bday friday? I'd be glad to pay it forward, thanks so much!
[Request]  Kelowna, B.C;  Low on food. 
Going to run out of food before I can get to the food bank.  Can anyone help me out with a 'za?
[Request] Craving pizza and no meal plans left. Kind of embarrassed to ask....
I'm embarrassed to ask because I'm always a giver, but I would love to receive a large meat lovers deep dish pizza from Cottage Inn with mushrooms and onions on the whole thing and jalapeno on half. 

My boyfriend and I have been craving pizza the entire week, and he's coming over tonight but I can't afford to buy one. I don't have any meal plans left for the semester (ends Monday the 19th), and I can basically only feed him a sandwich or Cheerios. It would be awesome if someone could help out. I just spent all of my money on my monthly bills and books for next semester. Please and thank you!

EDIT: I can verify that I'm human or whatever. I will also try to do a random act of kindness for someone this weekend.
[REQUEST] Looking for a patch over till tomorrow
First time poster here. I get paid tomorrow and would like to treat my family to pizza tonight for being patient.  Things are slim and I think they would really appreciate it...I know I would. Thanks a bunch in advance.   
[REQUEST] 1st time posting on this... Here goes! Stuck in a hotel in Chicago by myself cause of the hurricane. The loneliness! The hunger!  
Y_Y. Sorry, **do not** want to sound like a pity party, but I was on my way to Vermont from California to go back to school when Irene hurricane shit all over my face. Now I'm stranded in Chicago and I don't know what to do with myself since this has never happened to me before whilst traveling alone. I'm only a naive, pitiful 19 year old after all :(. And, the room charge was ridiculous so I can't really spare the moola for any delicious pie right now. 

Well anyway, even if I don't receive any pizza tonight, daz cool! I know I'm not the only idiot attempting fly during a hurricane. Just some comments would greatly brighten my night! 
[request] St. Louis, MO. About to finish college and enter the horrifying real world.
I just finished my last two finals today and have nothing to do until graduation. In one of my last acts of being a broke college kid, I would love to spend the rest of my night with a pizza and some old school video games. It would be greatly appreciated!
[REQUEST] Hungry and sick of ramen noodles... Anyone wanna help out? 
Being poor sucks. I haven't had a hot meal that didn't come from my microwave in forever :( Id love it if you guys can help out<U+2665>  

[Request] Austin, TX; Do you have the badass-ity in your soul to feed four hungry friends?
You know you have the badass-ity somewhere deep inside of you. Maybe it's in your wallet. Check there first. Okay, it's in there? Good, here's the back story.

We have no food left for tonight, we're pretty much stuck until tomorrow without any sort of consumables. Yeah, sounds like a fun night, right? Not really? Well, maybe you can be the individual that solves this issue. That's right! For just ONE EASY PAYMENT, you could rest more easily tonight knowing that you helped out a group of four rather hungry individuals, granting them the sustenance to last until tomorrow. 

***This document translated from a received email.***

Original message is as follows:
HELLO GOOD FRIEND MY NAME IS RAY ABU BIN AL-AKAY I AM WRITING YOU TODAY BECAUSE THE NEWS HAS BEEN BROKEN TO ME THAT SOMEONE DIRECTLY UPON YOUR LINEAGE HAS PASSED AWAY AND NAMED ME AS EXECUTOR OF THEIR WILL; ONE OF THE STIPULATIONS IS THAT YOU WILL WORK WITH ME IN ORDER TO MOVE THEIR MASSIVE FORTUNE OF 23.000.000,00 USD; AS A PROOF OF GOOD FAITH, I REQUIRE A SIMPLE ACT ON YOUR FORM, SOMETHING THAT ANY FELLOW OF GOD IN GOOD STANDING MAY PERFORM: PLEASE PROVIDE MYSELF AND MY ASSOCIATES PIZZA SO THAT WE MAY HAVE FUEL WITH WHICH TO NURTURE OURSELVES AND SUSTAIN UNTIL THE MORNING THAT WE MAY DRAFT UP PAPERWORK AND BEGIN TRANSFER IMMEDIATELY REGARDS RAY ABU BIN AL-AKAY ESQUIRE

(you should really turn your spam filter on btw)
[Request] Christchurch NZL The Kiwi's natural prey is pizza, But injured Kiwi's can't hunt.
Kia Ora, No special story, Injured my leg cycling and ramen noodles just aren't as nice the fifth time around, Would love a nice slice of 'za in my Stomach!
[request] Austin, TX. Broke as hell and trapped at home.
I've had to make some sacrifices this last month to save my business and I'm at the end of the line. All the ramen is gone. It sounds like a client will make us whole tomorrow but I've been living on iced tea and bullion cubes for a couple days. Help me out with a pie y'all. It would mean a lot.
[REQUEST] Is anyone up for a challenge? Because I'm craving pizza from Santiago, Chile
I don't even think it could work, but I would be really thankful because I'm starving, penniless and sick of eating whole grain bread.
As far as I know, the only way to get pizza here is over the phone. We have pizza hut, Domino's, Papa John's and some other local things. 1 dollar is about 500 Chilean Pesos.
If we don't make it, at least we could have fun trying to figure out a way!

ps. yep, i've posted it before, but I'm still poor and hungry!
[Request] No sob story.  Just at home and craving some pizza.
In Fargo, ND if it matters
[REQUEST] South East UK, broke, fed up of pasta and toast.
Hi, RAOP. First timer here.

Nothing terribly special... UK dweller (South East Coast represent) who lost my job last August, ekeing out a living for the last 6 months or so on my severance pay but nothing has come up yet.

I've held out for as long as I can without making a claim for any benefits (which I've just started on) and have been living super frugal for the last month or so. 39p pasta sauce and a can of tuna only gets you so far before you want to throw in the towel. Come Monday I can stock up on some more varied food stuffs again (and pick up those Skyrim PS3 DLCs that have been rubbing my nose in my shitty financials) but right now, I'm hankering for some comfort food.

If someone can help me out, I'll be paying this forward at a later, more  financially stable, time.

Peace out, fellow Dovah. Your love is appreciated.
[Request] A Humble request. 
[relevant source as to why I would ask total strangers for pizza](http://i.imgur.com/nhCti.png)

I'm a little down on my luck for a few days and if anyone can spare the charity of a sausage/pepperoni pizza, it'd be well appreciated. Thank you for your time and happy holidays. 

I live in North Georgia, near Berry College. I made a throwaway at first, but the peeps in the RAOP chatroom told me it'd be more genuine if I posted on my main. It's a little embarrassing to ask, but all I ask for is charity in exchange for my humility. 
(Request) Unknown hungry guy on FB needs a pizza
I am new and have no idea if I am doing this right or if this can even be done.  I was on Facebook and somehow clicked on this guy's page where I saw he was going to a food bank and got denied.  I have no idea who he is.  He sounds hungry and I'd be giving him a pizza myself, but am disabled and broke until my tiny check comes next month. I can post a link to his FB page (don't know if I should include it here) and hopefully someone can help him out. I read about what you all are doing here, on CNN news site a while back, and was so touched by this effort.  You all are amazing!  Please help me get this guy some food. :)
[REQUEST] Hungry Torontonian in Need of  'Zaaaa!!
ok, so heres the sitch, i quit my job a month ago, i had money set aside for rent and such, but it took longer than i thought to find a job. i now have a job but wont get my first paycheck for about a week. i have no food and havent ate all day. if you read this and think i deserve a pizza let me know. thanks
(request) - sunday should be relaxing not stressful
ok so heres the deal cut and dry put ten bucks in the gas tank got two left , broke til friday and the only thing in my fridge is a old piece of meatloaf in a tupperware container that i dare not open, i can provide a picture or whatever else anyone needs as proof but a pizza would make my day a gadzillion times better
[REQUEST] Virginia USA Poor college student, no money to buy food at moment
Hey guys,

I'm a student at Virginia Tech. Currently broke; would appreciate a pizza. Thanks!
[Request] St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada - Could really use a pie for lunch.
Hey all.

Didn't get to eat much for dinner last night and I am not getting paid until tomorrow. Could really use a pie for lunch, I'll even share it with coworkers. *Pay it forward* right?

I'm not sure exactly how this system works, first timer. I did the verification code thing but it says not to post in thread.

There's a couple pizza places really close to my work where I can go pick it up on my lunch break (anywhere from noon to 1pm). I'm eastern time zone. 

* Neighhood Pizza Company: 905.984.5555
* Boston Pizza: 905.688.0273


Thanks for looking!
[Request] Florida,USA. Only have $30 untill next friday, help me and i will repay the favor.
As the title says i only got $30 left untill friday, i already ate all the frozen food i got and the fridge is empty... i feel lame not having breakfast but if any kind person could help me today i will double what you give me on friday. =]
Request - Family of 3 with 2 month old son, broke, evicted tomorrow
My husband was laid off 2 months ago, the money finally ran out, even after eating one meal a day. We have a beautiful son born on July 30, WIC covers his formula but mommy and daddy can't eat until daddy gets a new job, and no one is calling either of us back for interviews. Got a letter today that SSI has reduced my payments to 0.00, even though we're broke, and now we can't make rent tomorrow. We could really use a good last meal in our home, I know this is my first post, but I saw this site on the news a while back and never felt like i deserved it as much as some of these other people, but then again I never thought we'd end up at the point we are now. I can provide more details if you don't believe me, but I would be eternal grateful to whoever would be willing to grant us this wish. Bless you. 
[Request] (US, IN) College kid iced in!
We got a ton of freezing rain last night and the sidewalks are slick and, its brutally cold outside. I would appreciate a pizza for my roommate and me to warm us up. I am not financially strained or anything, just excited to try this out. If this works out I definitively am going pay it forward sometime. 
[Request] North Dakota Food Problems
After filling my car up with outrageous gas prices I'm not going to be able to get any food and do not have any in my dorm. I'm starving and would like to eat today and I would be very grateful for a nice pie.
[Request] $5.99 for a pizza for broke college student
I have a jerb but the bills and car repairs ate up all my funds till next week, Roomates are all out of town and I was hoping a fellow redittor could hook me up with an online order for a Dominos medium pizza. It's only like 6 bucks! :/
Request: New Jersey USA Pizza for a few teens in a band. A Song For You (Custom) For Pizza!
We will compose and record ( not professionally but in a decent manner) an original song that you can pick the title, topic, and even give us other songs you want us to use as inspiration!
This will include Lyrics, Vocals, Drums ( electronic) Guitar, and Bass
The song will be sent within a week of pizza!
[Request] Had my car stolen today
My '99 Jeep Cherokee I've had for 10 years now was stolen today.  I've got little cash as it is and no mode of transportation.  A pizza would be fantastic tonight.
[Request] Looking to surprise my kids with pizza (California)
If anyone's willing to hear me out, I'd love to surprise my kids tonight with a meal that will light up their faces. I'm a hard working single dad that cares a lot for his kids. I hope you can understand. Thanks in advance.
[Request] Ohio. $30 in the bank and my son needs shoes.
This is my throwaway as I have family members who are redditors and dont really want them to know I'm asking for help. If you'd like I can send you a message from my regular account to verify.
Just need some dinner tonight so I can get my son some shoes tomorrow. I know I could go to pay less and get him some cheapo's he doesnt want and wont last but I hate disappointing him.
[Request] Out of money until Sunday, Studying for finals and could really use some food.
I finished my last box of cereal for lunch, all I have left is olive oil. I would greatly appreciate a pizza, I need something to last me till Sunday!
[REQUEST] Moving Military Redditor around McMinnville, OR
Hello folks, figure I'd give this a shot considering my current circumstances.  Now I know I'm not as bad off as a lot of the folks around here but I figure what little help I could get will be appreciated.

Without going into to much detail of my life I'll keep this short.  Before I head overseas I decided to move my family back to where our family is.  The home buying and moving (on my dime) process has dragged on longer than expected and that has cost us more money than budgeted because of the delay.. I have enough money to put fuel back in the tank and right now we are eating basically what we packed out of our pantry.  We have to last little less than a week and we'll be good.

I have a couple of older boys with me and I'm sure they'd also appreciate some pizza about now...  Thanks in advance and it feels good be get back home to Oregon....
[Request] Hungry student, waiting for first paycheck in Virginia
I'm not going to lie, my roommate and I are pretty hungry tonight. We've been living off of ramen for a few weeks, and I honestly can't stomach any more. I'll be picking up my first paycheck in two months on Friday, and that in itself is a wonderful feeling. For now, I can hear my stomach yelling "pizza". I'm hoping someone could help us with a good meal tonight. We're both out of money, and I can provide proof of my overdrawn account if requested. Thank you all for reading.
Request: Mother of 3 electricity out until friday
Unfortunate events has put me and bad situation until Friday, my electricity went out mid day afternoon, and i wont have the funds to pay it until friday. Cant cook or anything until then and really dont have the ends to feed my kids. Looking for a little help to then, anything would be appreciated 
[Request] College student with a bare pantry in Springdale, AR
It's been a tough day. I ate the last of my oatmeal this morning and haven't eaten since. Most of my last paycheck went to rent and utilities, and I don't get paid until Friday. I'm in for a rough couple of days. If someone out there can help, I'll be more than happy to comp someone else in need a pizza when I get paid.
[Request] Broke Chicago college student 
My check from work has yet to come in. I only have about 66 cents in my bank account right now and the only thing I have to eat in my apartment is some mustard...very sad. Clearly I need to go get groceries, but until then could someone send me a pizza?? I would pay it forward eventually.
[Request] Benefit Concert
One of my classmates (Graduate of a high school in 2011) had a terrible motorcycle accident. He was in a coma for the first couple of days, then he came out but the doctors had to put him back into one (Self induced coma) in order to maintain his levels of stability for surgery. He is still in critical condition and I am hosting a benefit concert with my band for his family. They lost their mother when they were young (Elementary school) and Ethan (The boy who was hurt) has a twin brother. I've known them almost all of my life and am putting this concert together almost single handedly. 

I'm hoping to give pizza to the folks that are working at the concert and the bands playing.
If I get enough, I'll even sell it for just $1 a slice at the concert for extra benefit money for his family! 

Here is the link to the concert information for those of you wanting to just send your support.- https://www.facebook.com/events/164208037116711/?ref_newsfeed_story_type=regular

The pizza place (Shaker's) does not deliver so I will have to pick it up. You can order it for September the 28th from 1pm-6pm. You can possibly even preorder it! But if you do decide to order, order it under the name of "Steeple". That's how I'll pick it up. Thank you so much for those of you who send support and those who order! It means a lot. I've been so busy with this concert. 

The pizza place's number is (731)-663-2700.

EDIT: Also, please let me know if you order and for what time.

[REQUEST] Tucson, Arizona; $6 to my name that has to pay for gas to get to work all week. 
I've ended up sticking myself in a bit of a rut, guys. I've been living on my own for about 6 months now, and about 3 months ago, finally found a job. It's great and all, but the hours are less than desirable. Corporate won't let us go over 32 hours a week. I get paid every two weeks. This last pay period has hit me pretty hard in the wallet department. I finally had the money saved up to put down on a vehicle. A motorcycle, actually. Considering how cheap they are overall, I think it was a pretty good choice. Unfortunately, paying my bills, $100 out of the paycheck for the motorcycle payment, and another $100 or so to get it road legal...Has left me without food until Friday. The change that I've collected over the past couple months adds up to $6.17, which I need to use to fill my gas tank so I can get to work.  I'll be straight up here, a large pizza could feed me for 2 days, 3 if I stretch it. I would certainly be willing to pay it forward to another unfortunate soul in the coming weeks, if someone were to help me out now.
[REQUEST] young parents in Austin.. 
new in town and waiting for that first pay check (15th)
living off change/2$ p. terrys burgers til then..
we spent our last 20$ today on diapers and goat milk..
if you can help with a pizza we will return the favor to another Redditor or I will make you a delicious dessert of your choice next week... (if you're in Austin) 
thanks for reading
love and light,
juanwonton
[REQUEST] Ontario Canada - Ethnic Minority Student studying for 2 exams (both tomorrow).. about to die
Hi! I just found this amazing place, and thought I'd give a nice funny title to my post (Although I am an ethnic minority). 

Anyways.. I've been sitting at my computer for the past 18 hours studying Calculus and Physics, both are tomorrow and I have a 1 hour drive to school to :( If someone can help a student who has nothing now but will have something later, it'd mean the world!
[request] at 12 am EST it will be my birthday
at 12 am EST it will be my Bday and after a rough year all my GF and I would like is a pizza delivered. anything goes on the pizza but we are normally vegetarians. 
(Request) It hasn't been a good week.
I've never done this before and I'm not sure what to expect but this has been one hell of a week.  
I and my boyfriend are on a weird pay week, which means we won't be paid til next monday.  
All our bills are paid, so we're fine there. However, he (the boy) has been working overtime like crazy and yesterday he had a blowout of his back tire and we had to get all four of his tires replaced.  
If someone is feeling generous, I would love to feel the love.  
Thanks guys and even if no one answers my call, I've noticed how many pizzas have been gifted to people who really need it and you guys are awesome! Keep being amazing and thanks!
Oh! Before I forget, I'm in Pasadena, CA. I know location is important!  
EDIT: 8:07 and my boy still hasn't left for home from work.  
EDIT: 8:36 and he FINALLY just got off work.
[Request] Screwy finances left me penny-less
24, San Francisco. I've been working at my new job for a few months, and it's been up and down for some time. This last paycheck, I had to buy a bunch of furniture for my new apartment, and had scheduled my bills and payments particularly close together, knowing I'd be cutting it close to my next paycheck.

Come tuesday, my debit card was declined for a payment that I knew was coming. I went to check my account and it turns out my gym membership had not been paid, draining my bank account to about 20 dollars.  Adding insult to injury I got sick on thursday, and half of my stuff is at my new apartment.

So here I am sitting alone in a half empty apartment with  no money, sick, broke, and waiting till the 30th to get back on my feet. Any help between now and then would be awesome, and I promise to pay back the ROAP by matching the help given to me.

PM me for details, I have my verification number ready.
[Request] New York, USA -- I just really love pizza!
Hello!

I haven't had pizza in the longest time and I have this *huge* craving for it. If there is someone who is in dire need of food please skip me and go to them! But if not, I'd love to celebrate the end of a day with some awesome sauce pizza. 
[Request] My daughter's requesting pizza, my hands are tied!
My daughter just recently started kindergarten, and after lots of worrying she seems to be doing really well. (She's a trooper!) I promised her a special dinner this week and she'd specifically requested pizza, but I had some unexpected bills and now pizza isn't really an option.

It would really make her week and mine if someone would throw us a pie (and possibly some breadsticks--she loves dipping!)

Thanks for reading!

[Request] Been to off work sick since July 9th. Not being paid sick leave.
They are being fussy about it, Won't get sorted till August 12th at least.

I would normally be paid on a week to week basis but well not at the momment...

Requesting Thursday nights dinner.
[REQUEST] Chicago. Humble request by a failing family provider.
Hi guys. Husband with lovely (and of course very nice) Canadian wife here. Lost my job recently and having trouble making ends meet with all of our funds tied up in lawyer and Federal fees for my wife's US citizenship. While I've been blessed with a loving wife and our loyal and hilarious pups, I cannot afford to provide them with anything special during this rough time - even after a humble holiday and stringent budgeting for groceries and supplies from the likes of Aldi and Dollar General. 

Truthfully, I'm ashamed to admit that I've failed so completely in being a good provider for my tiny family and I'm glad we decided to wait on having kids so they don't have to struggle with us. But I also have no illusions about this and I'm well-aware that the responsibility lies squarely in my hands. That said, I know how effective something as simple as a pizza would be in raising the spirits around here so I'm sucking it up and asking for help from a community I've valued for quite some time now.

My wife is vegetarian, so I would request a cheese pizza. My local Dominos is the cheapest I know of and has a coupon for an extra large 1-topping for $9.99 ($13.26 w/tax), which is actually better than the regular price of a large ($14.37 w/tax). There are various other coupons as well, from Dominos Store #2878.

Bonus: my wife would be more than happy to draw the subject of your choice in MSPaint!

**TL;DR**: currently failing at providing for family, humble request for a bit of cheesy sunshine through the clouds, MSPaint bounty offered.

No matter what happens or doesn't happen as a result of this request, I just want to express sincere thanks to everyone in this subreddit. The fact that this even exists is yet another testament to all of the good in this world and I can't wait to pay it forward!
[request] very hungry student needs something to eat while studying
it's been a busy busy term and i haven't been able to find a part-time job so the groceries have stretching since september and i just can't afford to get out to the grocery store right now. my cupboards hold nothing but an almost empty bag of pasta and my fridge just a can of tomato sauce. I need to do a lot of work this week, but I just can't concentrate due to weakness. Help me please and I promise to pay it forward. 

edit: i live in victoria, bc. 
[REQUEST] Sad girls seek pizza ASAP!
Sad girls seek pizza in Southeast Masachusetts!

My best friend is letting me stay at her house for a couple days due to a mild case of homelessness, and we have a lot of feelings. We want to watch Mean Girls and bond because she misses her boyfriend (a doctor stationed in OK), and we're really hungry, too! She has a dollar to her name, and my boss from my summer job owes me $1,500 - of which I've received nothing.

A little boost in the form of Domino's would be SO appreciated and I'll be sure to pass on the favor as soon as I can!

EDIT: I'm not a woman (well, girl?) of many talents, but if you want, I'll sing for you or draw a picture or write you a story. I can't promise they will be awesome, but I will try! Anything for my friend's happiness/ pizza. :)

Love,

Lemon &amp; Cleo
[Request] A PIZZA. (not a sob story, just the truth)
hey redditros, 

Just asking for a pizza for me and my kids. Single father, times are rough, and a pizza would surely help us bring our spirits up. 


(Request)Single mom of 3 looking for help with food.
Hi my name is Amber Brown i am the single mom to 3 children and I just lost my job a couple of weeks ago. I have been trying to find one with no luck yet, and I am in need of help getting food for the four of us. I was hoping there would be someone out there who could help me I would appreciate very very much.
Request
I'm a disabled single mom &amp; my only son's birthday is this week.  Our house was vandalized last week &amp; w/ the power on, theives took all the wiring while we were away!  Neighbors called the police &amp; the thieves also took all of our appliances!  Anyway, my son's favorite thing to eat is pizzia!  They stole all his electronics &amp; games etc. &amp; I hope this will cheer him up!  God bless one &amp; all who donate to this awesome site! We are w/ friends in central FL now.
 [request] Daytona Beach, FL
(Will buy the kind donor a pizza tomorrow or Monday)
Starving, upset with USPS for slacking on check delivery, car-less and it's raining (not meatballs). Will buy whoever gets me a pizza next week. 
[Request] Worked a long day on duty weekend, would love a pie to ease the pain :D
just feeling some pizza, if you can, awesome.. if not well-- i appreciate the kindness of all others anyways!
[REQUEST] Tampa, Fl Hungry and Dough-less
Hey, I figure this is a long shot, never tried anything like this before. Here goes, I am a student at HCC, because of student loans, I have literally no money for food. Haven't had a hot meal in 4 days. My food stamps come in next week, but until then, I was hoping for a little something to nibble on.
[Request] Looking to get a pizza for a buddy of mine
I'd buy it myself, but he lives in Washington and I live in Texas, and I don't have a debit card. Since the technology to email a pizza hasn't been invented yet, I'll thank anyone who orders him one by drawing them something in return :D
[Request] Working my way through a case of Ramen
Hello RAOP,

figured I'd give posting here a shot. I've been out of work for about six months now, applied literally everywhere in walking and bus distance. I still live at home, and on top of stretched funds, my mother's card recently got overcharged and left us with $15 for two weeks. She gets paid in a few days but I think instead of coming home and going straight to bed, a pizza might really lift both of our spirits. 
[Request] I'll gladly pizza you Tuesday, for a pizza today?
Hey guys,
I've been broke as a joke the last couple weeks. Raided the pantry completely and have made plenty of "canned food and rice" surprises. Last of the monies went in the gas tank and I'm now down to the last cup of applesauce and could use a solid meal and leftovers for the next couple days. I have payment coming this Tuesday/Wednesday and will gladly return the favor to my offerer! 
Thanks!
[Request] Stuck at work from 7pm yesterday until 10am tomorrow, no food in the fridge, no money in the pockets.
So, I'm stuck at work (a lan center in Grand Rapids, MI) since 7pm yesterday because of a lack of relief shift, and I have to work until 10am tomorrow*. I haven't had a chance to go home and pick up more food, and there's nothing in the work fridge, and I'm broke until payday next week. I ate the last of my lunch recently, so I won't need anything until later (11pm-12am or so, though I'm happy to stick it in the fridge if nothing's open that late). I'm more than happy to pay back a specific person next week on payday, or to just spread the love around to others when I can.

(* I volunteer, and spending this long down here doesn't bother me; I really do love helping out here. We lack employees that actually care, so I'm happy to take up the slack. I just lack the food to keep me going, is all.)
&lt;Request&gt; Hungry jobless bum looking for a kind heart to hold me over with a hot meal.
I'm not one for charity, and I don't like to ask things of people. I'm sure that gets said a lot, and words are meaningless, but at some point hunger just has to override pride. I don't know if it's too late for this even to matter, but it's worth a try.
(REQUEST) Parents recently went through a divorce and don't have much money, a pizza would be nice :]
Hi I'm Ian.

I live with my mom and three siblings in LA. My parents recently got in a divorce and between all the legal fees, there's not a steady flow of money coming in. It would mean the world to me if I could help my mom out and surprise her with a pizza/dinner. I know she'd be happy. If anyone could help we would really appreciate it. 
(REQUEST) Had the worst weekend; still reeling.
First off, long time lurker, just found out about this subreddit and thought maybe someone may be able to help. Over the weekend, I let a good friend of mine borrow my 1998 Ranger. He ended up drinking and driving and drove through a fence (and then on my rims around the block). Totaled it. It was the last thing my dad gave me and I can't afford repairs nor the tow for weeks. By the time I can get it out, it will be costing more than it's worth. I am still going to get it out and fix it, because it is sentimental. All I have to eat is rice for the next three weeks (maybe more); so, I'm not starving, but a pizza would really be a pick-me-up at this point.

[request] pizza for my anniversary?
i couldnt afford to take the gf out for our 9 yr anniversary.. been applying to jobs round the clock but nobody is hiring out here. i'd really appreciate it if somebody could throw me a giftcard or something, otherwise it's ramen again for dinner. (and we're running low on that, too)

either way, thanks to y'all for being so awesome and helping out others. this subreddit warms my heart.

(north hollywood, CA)
[request] california, getting ready for foster kids 
and don't have time to get food and dont have to 
extra money until next paycheck.
we are cleaning/baby proofing our house for new foster kids. we wont have time to stop cleaning to go out and buy food and don't really have to money to spend on more then just cheap food.being as new baby necessities are very pricey and. we want to get this done and don't want to slow down our momentum and pizza we can eat as we are working. thank you in advance :)
[REQUEST] bedford, england. Random acts of pizza first timer 
i am giving this a try because i have not had pizza in about 4 months and im really missing the taste of it and basically i would really like a pizza i will be posting offers in the future 
[REQUEST] Disabled college student, just plain hungry
Hey there fine folks of RAOP! I'm a sophomore here at Texas State University. This year has been particularly tough on me financially, but I've managed to stay afloat until now. I have a disease called Hidradenitis Suppurativa. I would not suggest google searching, unless you'd like to lose your appetite. I've been living with the disease for six years and it's been incredibly difficult. I get large cysts, sometimes the size of baseballs.. in my underarms, between my breasts and in my groin area. This makes it so hard to move any of my extremities, really. My insurance recently stopped paying for my medications, so I'm having to spend $2,200 a month to keep myself able to function properly. I have tried so hard to keep myself above water, but it's impossible with all of the medical bills from radiation therapy (not covered by insurance) and medication expense. I'd really love to have something, ANYTHING for dinner. Of course, when I'm able, I will pay it forward.

EDIT: I can offer to purchase you something from Amazon in exchange for pizza.. I'm broke cash wise, but I do have a bit of money on my Amazon account.
[Request] Denver, CO, USA. Broke, and hungry. 
Moved up here hoping to get a better job, didn't work out like that. Have a job, but it's enough to pay the bills, and that's really it. Payed rent, got cat food for the kitty, and TP. Pretty much emptied the bank account. Still looking for a better job, but until then, a hot cheesy pie would really make my day!
[Request] In the middle of nowhere with my sisters kids. Can't afford to buy them pizza.
Im a 15 y/o babysitting my sisters kids and I can make them some noodles but I was clumsy and dropped the sauce on the floor so they would have to eat them plain which sucks. The only place to get pizza nearby is Dominos but its not within walking distance so I cant get them anything since I dont have enough cash to pay for delivery and a tip. If anyone could help us out we'd consider ourselves blessed. Thanks.
[Request] It's hungry in my car....
So, this Christmas, I am living in my car. I will pick up my ten year old daughter from her dad's and go to Starbuck's in our pajamas as per our tradition, and the rest of Christmas is going to be shit. 

I worked in my friend's yarn shop today, and am closing up and starving and broke. When I leave here, I will drive to the rest area up the interstate and work on the commission knitting project I have. 

Everything right now sucks, so I thought I'd give this a shot. It'd really make my night.
[Request] Florida,US. Been unemployed for two weeks, skimping by on last check and trying to keep depression at bay.
So. Was randomly 'asked to resign' or 'get terminated' from my job that I loved as an EMT. I think I'm about to get another job, but, it's been hard because I help provide for my elderly adoptive mother (she's 82). We're getting low on food, and today she just walked by me and said " I wish we had a pizza". I feel terrible because I can't afford such a luxury right now and she doesn't eat enough as it is, but it made me think of you guys over here! I'll provide whatever proof I can if you want it; Thanks guys &lt;3 
[REQUEST] Long time lurker, first time thread..er? Dallas, TX
I'm curious to see about the magic that is RAOP in action. I didn't have a bad day, no sob story here, just kinda hungry and don't care to cook. x)

Anyone wanna throw me a pie?
[REQUEST] Me and my husband are struggling with this months expenses due to the fact that it is the beginning/end of the month... we have no food to eat today and would really appreciate a pizza if possible.
Thank you for your consideration. :)
Request Pizza for tonight broke and no food in Lucedale, MS
We are a disabled couple with 1 daughter. No money until Sept 3, broke and no food.
[Request]fort campbell, ky broke, hungry and dining facilities are closed
Hello everyone, my buddy wanted to help me out so he told me about this fantastic place (hence this account being made today). I am a single soldier stationed at fort campbell. Today I've noticed instead of withdrawing the normal $150 for my car payment my bank has taken out $600 dollars leaving me -$527 in my bank account. They said they'll fix it but not till they open again on Monday. Normally this would be alright because I have a meal card except this weekend my on post dining facilities have closed for the Easter weekend. I haven't eaten since breakfast on Friday and could really use some food. Anything would do. I don't have a car or I'd try and forage around. This is literally my last option at this point.  If you want proof of the bank account I can send you a picture, if you can tell me how to take a screen cap of my phone (my only internet access).

Again thank you, and if you don't trust a new account I fully understand I'm just desperate.
[Request] Me and my friends are stuck after school for band and we have no money but are hungry
if someone could get us some pizza money that would be the greatest act of kindness in the history of humanity.
[Request] Pizza for a rainy day
Not really "starving," but I wouldn't mind something to break the monotony of rice and lentils on this gloomy day while I stud my jacket.

[Gloomy day from my back porch](http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/35/dscn7704o.jpg/)

[The jacket I'm studding](http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/194/dscn7709k.jpg/)

WA State.
[request] In college, foodless and broke, coming up on finals week.
I have a boatload of tests this week and am hoping to use this weekend to finish my final projects and study a bit. I've hit a bit of a financial hiccup (http://imgur.com/Lw5wjsH), and am down to my last few dollars and a small bag of rice until sometime next week. 

Any help would be greatly, greatly appreciated! Pizza lasts a few meals for me, and there is a cheap 5 dollar pizza place fairly close if any kind soul might be able to give me a hand. :)

[Request] North Dakota USA. Low on funds and blood sugar.
I just got out of the hospital a few days ago and immediately spent all of my money on a variety of new prescriptions that I needed to start. I'm out of food now and don't get paid until tomorrow. I'm type one diabetic so I'm kind of afraid that if I don't eat anything at all today I'm going to be in rough shape tomorrow. That, and after over a week of hospital food and dry cereal pizza sounds amazing. So if someone would be generous enough to provide me with one, I would appreciate it greatly.
[Request] Arkansas, USA. Hungry and broke until Friday, will pizza it forward on payday :)
I am super hungry and a pizza of any kind would feed me for days. When I get paid Friday I would love to return the favor. Please help a sister out!
[REQUEST] just one more day! need help waiting it out
Hey guys, I've been living off of protein shakes and cereal these past few days because I can't really afford to buy anything yet, and I've just about run out of anything. The few leftover dollars I did have went towards food for my gerbils. If anyone could help me out with some food for tonight that would be great. I just have to wait one more day and I'll have some income coming in, I'll be able to help anyone in need tomorrow :]
[Request] (UK) Home alone, no bread, would appreciate a pizza 
Planned on having some good old beans on toast for dinner but the bread has gone off and I have no money to pick some up
[Request]KY, College misplaced my refund and am now selling plasma for gas money.
At this point austerity measures have been enacted weeks ago. I've been learning to cook cheap plentiful stables, like rice, rice, and also rice. Loan disbursement was supposed to kick off yesterday but after consulting with my massively inept financial aid office it seems that my loan has been lost in the aether. I'm a little dizzy and a lot pissed off and a hot delicious pizza would do wonders for my mood.  Would anyone kindly help me out?
[request] Just finished having some food posioning (I think), Pizza would be appreciated.
I haven't eaten anything in about 24 hours due to what I think was food poisoning. I'm better now and am enjoying non-sick life once again.
[REQUEST] VETERAN FATHER OF THREE NEEDS A PIZZA HERO!
IN A NUTSHELL, MY WIFE was prescribed Vistaril for anxiety attacks. Due to extreme stress she suffered one yesterday and now she is resting. Because of extra hardships this month our fridge and cabinets are getting very empty and I am NOT the whiz in the kitchen that my wife is. I have fed my children peanut butter and jelly for two days and now we are out of bread, I would LOVE to treat them to a few pizzas, yet my wallet cannot afford it at this time... We saw a pizza hut commercial for the big box pizzas and my 6 year old begged me for a pizza. It broke my heart to tell her we didn't have the money for it... when my 4 year old piped up that we can just go to walmart and get some money ha ha! So here is my request, if there is anyone who can get us 2 big box pizzas (one sausage and one cheese) from Pizza hut in Harrison Arkansas.. (phone number is 870-743-3500) I can pickup from there no problem. I will recieve VA education benefits on the 6th and can pay it forward on that day. From the bottom of my heart and from the pit of my childrens stomachs (not having to suffer through my sad attempt at cooking a meal) THANKS to anyone who can help us!
[REQUEST] Long story short...
I'm hungry.

Atlanta, GA
[Request]Just moved from overseas and I'm hungry! (Southern GA)
The title pretty much sums it up. 

I've recently moved back to the States from Italy. All my household items are on a large ship on their way over which means I don't have much to use for cooking in way of utensils. 

I'm not scrimping for pennies but I am being frugal till I figure out my means here (especially since I'm on the hunt for a job) so if the Pizza Fairy is waiting for someone truly in need then wait for another post! 


[Request] Hey guys, I'm kinda down on my luck... no job, lost the girl, broke.. I'd really appreciate a pizza right now! :)
Yeah as the title says I'm in a pretty bad spot and on top of these things I'm hungry! I'll be sure to pay it forward once I'm in a better situation!!


and it looks like I posted this to the wrong subreddit, so now I'm reposting here :)

edit: Oh also, I'm near NYC

[Request] I will draw a picture with MS Paint for the person who can help me out with a pizza
You can tell me what to draw, or I will simply draw a picture of us enjoying the pizza:)
We could defiantly use some help right now.
[Request] Hungry Minnesotan here, trying to find some dinner tonight.
Hi there, I'm broke right now and I don't have much food here. I have some chicken broth, an onion and some croutons. I'm thinking a pizza may sound better and then when I get paid on friday I would love to pay it forward to someone else who needs a pizza. Thanks :)
[Request] Bumming off roommates, and job doesn't start until Thursday :T
Hey there RAoP.
Rae here.
Longtime lurker, first time poster.
I moved to New York State about a month ago, and have been on the job hunt since like, day one. Now, I've finally managed to get myself a job, but it doesn't start until next thursday, and I've got just enough money left in my account for laundry and my phone bill, so until then I'm bumming off of my roommates for food, which I have been for the last two weeks.

There are a whole mess of really great Pizza places within walking distance of my apartment, and I'd really like to get a pie to share with my roommates, as thanks for putting me up for so long.
**[REQUEST]** Spent all of our money on our hungry cats, please feed us too!
We are three hungry girls in Brooklyn, jealous of our cats enjoying Friskies Grilled Mix that we spent our last collective $8.49 on. We don't get paid until tomorrow evening! We saw this on a new report a while ago, so we aren't exactly sure how to use it, but it sounds like all you have to do is return the favor! We can do it tomorrow! Can any kind soul help out there?? Attached below is my bank account to prove it! It's been a rough week!

Thanks so much and we love you!

-Chelsea, Elsie, Mel(sea), and the cats

http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/219/mylovelybankaccount.jpg/
[REQUEST] Eugene, OR I have to miss the free meal today because I am volunteering for the WOW hall, and NEED FOOD, I am extremely hungry and hate to spange IRL.
I will be at the WOW hall booth at the U of O Street Faire from 3:30 PM to 5:00. If you could just give the pizza company your number, I don't have a phone. My name is Andrew aka Rev. Andy, and you can hear me on OPB here: http://www.opb.org/thinkoutloud/shows/ross-brothers/ If possible a Meat Lover's deep dish with garlic and artichokes would be awesome, otherwise anything is cool! I won't be able to check back in after I get offline in a bit here, but please let me know if anyone can help!
[Request] I am trying to get my grades back up by the end of the week and then i have midterms next week....also, my cat died......
I have this week alone to make up all the work I have missed. I have just lost one of my cats to liver disease and I miss him alot. He was only 2 years old. Midterms are next week and I have to study along with getting my work in. A redditor giving me a pizza will make my week and make me work even harder. I will also take requests for things to do in return. Thank you! (I live in Ypsilanti, Michigan)
[Request] For my kids, in Castle Rock, Co. 
I'm in the middle of a divorce. I'm picking my kids up tonight after work for their week with me. I only get paid once a month and pizza is off the menu because of that. I've got ramen and frozen hotdogs and such for the rest of the week, but I'd love for my boys to have something exciting on their first night with me. 
Thanks RAOP!
[Request] Could use some Game of Thrones fuel!
Me and one of my college friends have been living on little to nothing this past weekend till I can get my next paycheck (I work at a writing help center).  Would anyone like to make tonight's Game of Thrones episode watching 10X better?  The nearest joint is a Pizza Hut in Fulton, MS.
[REQUEST or EXCHANGE] In between jobs and subsequently paychecks. Envato Marketplace exchange.
So I just moved out to Denver for a job that I then lost (was hard working with some of the other employees, and the company was going in a bad design direction).  I was lucky enough to get another job within a week but i'm now between paychecks.

I have $100 on the Envato Market place I can exchange for pizza.  I'll double the cost of the pizza in return.

    If you don't know about Envato, they run these amazing sites:
    http://themeforest.net/ - Really nice website and wordpress themes.
    http://codecanyon.net/  - PHP scripts/classes and WordPress plugins, jQuery and Javascript stuff.
    http://audiojungle.net/ - Music and sound fx for movie or game production.  
    http://videohive.net/   - After Effects projects scenes and other video assets.
    among others you can navigate to from any of their sites. 

I make money selling items on CodeCanyon but they pay out on the 15th once a month.

I'll purchase any item or items you want up to around $60 ( so around $30 in pizza ), how much is up to you.


I would much rather have pizza than hamburger helper without any hamberger (hamberger is expensive you know).
[Request]  Denver student getting back on my feet after being away at school.  Also currently babysitting 2 nieces w/o pay
*
[Request UK] Hungry couple need cheering up
If anyone could help me and my girlfriend out it would be amazing and we would pay it forward when we get back on our feet.
Both unemployed at the moment in a new city. We have managed to cover rent and bills for the month, but at the expense of nice food and quality of life.
ANY type of nice food would go a long way if anyone can help us out and will repay the favour to other worthy redditors ASAP.
REQUEST; Any pizza of any kind! California Bay Area
My friends and I are working on our High School Senior gift, an enormous mural. (Even though we have already graduated). I recruited a bunch of non- artistic friends, because my original "art" partner totally bailed on me with the entire thing. We would love a pizza! PM if you are feeling generous! (No Pressure!) We are willing to carry out!
[Request] About to get off work pizza for dinner would be nice
Im in a hard spot used up all of my last paycheck on bills and have less than two [dollars] (http://imgur.com/nP2kmrs) for these next 5 days had to use the last of my money for gas. Pizza from anywhere would be appreciated thank you &gt;.&lt;
[Request] I let my kids down. Can I be a cool mom and treat them to pizza? Atlanta, GA
My kids are home for the summer, and I have NOTHING good to cook tonight. Payday is a few days away and (despite my epic culinary skills) I can't muster up anything tasty. Last night I tried to make a spicy noodle dish with broccoli that caused the kids not speak to me for the rest of the evening. Please help me reclaim my position as a cool mom. The kids have different tastes, but a nice pepperoni pizza would do the trick. Thank you for considering me and the little ones. 
[Request] 23 year old in need of help
Hello Reddit. I am very afraid of you. o Ao

I am a 23 year old from Marietta, GA. I lost my job on my birthday back in May and haven't been able to find anything since. I've been doing art commissions since then to try and boost my morale and keep my chin up, but they've slowed a bit and I just paid a student loan payment. With next to nothing in my fridge, $34 in my bank account and a phone bill coming up, I'm broke and hungry.

I'm also really scared of rejection! o Ao 

Also, if you're interested in anime-style art commissions or anything of the like, please let me know and I'll get you a link to my deviantART page. After all, that will help me out just as much as a pizza!

Thank you for looking!
Request - hungry, me and my roommate havent eaten all day
Okay, so me and my roommate are in a sticky situation. We both don't get paid until Thursday, and we haven't eaten all day. We also don't have much food left in the house, just chips and snacky stuff. My mom cant help me with money until tomorrow night and her parents don't even live close to us. A Egift card for pizza would work wonders right now.

- i posted this already just a few minutes ago but i cant see it for some reason, so im posting it again to see if it works
[Request] Swamped College Freshman
I will be your friend.
forever.
and ever.

&lt;3
[request] broken shoulder, out of work, very hungry
hey there,
first time poster, long time lurker (:
i recentlly broke my shoulder, and was told i had to take off work for a while. because of this i have no money coming in; i am broke and quickly running out of food, please help!
http://imgur.com/pmafe &lt;-- me
p.s. im currently living in the windy city!! (chicago il)
[Request] Pizza for two?
Hi, I've gotten laid off a little bit ago, and tired of not getting any calls or interviews. I don't like giving sob stories and I feel a little embarrassed even asking for food, but would really enjoy a pizza if someone can maybe help me out. If you need any proof, I'd be glad to provide some. 
request- very sick ASU student
I waited for four and a half hours at the ER two days ago for a friend with alcohol poisoning to wake up. Said friend was ungrateful that I brought here there and has thusly ditched me. That being said, the ER gave me some weird chest funk and I can't talk and can barely breathe since I'm coughing so frequently. I also happen to be starving and can't leave my dorm building to get food. I'll pay it forward as soon as I have a voice to order a pizza with.
(REQUEST) Hungry teen in foster home
Hello my name is michael and my roomate is johnathon. We are hungry because are foster home doesnt get a food delivery untill monday and all we have to eat is shitty dry cereal and old freezer burned meat. I would love to have a pizza or two. I live in a foster home with 5 other boys. I live in SOS childrens village in coconut creek florida. If you need the adress let me know.
[Request] Atlanta, Georgia Suffered from a sad rejection in need of comfort food.
I was talking to this girl for almost a month that I truly liked. Finally asked her out in a date tried yo call her the next day and she hit me with "your a great Guy but i can't date you". Please I need comfort food

[Request] Here in California, a non-Redditor friend believes that RAoP is complete BS. Can we prove him wrong?
My friend thinks that RAoP is a farce, and either an attempt to gather addresses or send pranks. I just want to show him he's wrong. A large extra cheese/extra sauce pizza might change his tune. Afterwards, I might be able to convince him to pitch in to fulfill someone else's request...

I'm located in the Antelope Valley in California. I intend to provide pictures of said delicious pizza if it arrives.
[Request] Having a bad luck streak. (Des Moines, IA)
My 20th birthday was the 14th (Of may) and I was Kicked out of my place (I had just been laid off). Since then I have moved in with a family member, but we are out of food (He is on food stamps, I am in the process of getting them and getting unemployment while I find a new job). Today his car broke down so we are having trouble trying to hit up the local food pantry, we have some food in the house but I would love to surprise him with a pizza pie for dinner tonight.

Willing to provide any proof needed. Will be able to return the favor at the end of June (Should have my unemployment by then)
[Request] College student wanting to surprise her boyfriend with pizza!
Hi guys-- I'm a college student in Atlanta, Georgia. I just finished my finals and today is my boyfriend's last day at his awesome Co-Op. I'd love to be able to make today a celebration! Regrettably, like more students, I'm flat broke. Anyone willing to help my boyfriend and I celebrate? As soon as my loan money comes in in January I'd love to return the favor :)
[REQUEST] Essex Junction, VT - Nearly broke, need to use what I have left to visit dying grandmother in Montreal. Pizza would be lovely tonight :(
Hi, I've never requested this before and I feel a bit ashamed in having to do so, but it would make the world of a difference. I have a good, stable job and always have. I've always been responsible with money and have nearly no debt, except for one credit card which I'm about halfway done paying. This last week has wrecked me financially. My car is a piece of shit and I spent $766 on brake stuff (pads, rotors - I can show proof of this) and now I'm nearly broke. 

I have about $70 in my account (I can also show proof of this) and I need it to fill my gas tank (which costs about $40 here in Vermont). My dad called me this morning to tell me that my grandmother was rushed to the hospital last night and she has pancreatic cancer. There's nothing they can do. They can't operate. My dad is not doing well. I'm here in Vermont and my family is in Montreal. I'd like to go to Montreal tomorrow to see my grandmother and be with everyone during this time. 

My fridge has hardly anything in it (I can show you this too!) and basically, a pizza would be a life saver tonight. It's been a rough Monday so far. A pizza would mean that I'd have a meal for dinner tonight, lunch tomorrow, and dinner on the way to Montreal tomorrow. I can also provide a verification code. I only get paid again on Thursday and so I'm looking to see if anyone will help a girl out. Many thanks.

[Request] No manipulative sob story, Id just like a pizza for me and my wife for lunch.
We dont tend to have fast food pizza, we make all our own food at home, but we do enjoy a good hot pizza every now and then. We are incredibly unlikely to buy OURSELVES a pizza, as we tend to use our food money at the Farmer's Market, but if someone were to buy us a pizza today, I would definitely return the favor, or pay it forward, whichever the sender prefers. We are located in North Florida and we are not at all picky as to which chain the pizza comes from :)
[Request] Haven't eaten since lunch yesterday in Mission Viejo, CA. Pizza would be the best thing ever for my four friends and I.
We ate lunch yesterday around noon, then proceeded to get crazy hammered and have zero food (literally. I checked) in the house. We're also out of money on account of paying for gas to drive some girls home this morning. Fact is, we're starving. I remembered hearing about this place awhile back and thinking, "DisplacedLeprechaun, one day you'll be hungry as hell. Try that subreddit and see if it can help."

So here I am. And if it works, come this Friday on my payday I'll be giving a pizza to someone on here. Fair is fair.

Cheers!
(request) having an absolutely horrible week and no food...
I've been having such a down week worrying about my sick mother, being overloaded at work, how we'll be paying rent and upcoming bills, let alone food, for the next week...I would absolutely love some warm food to help tidy my growling stomach and my mind in the meantime.  Our pantry is bare and I have little $ to my name at the moment.

I'm located in California by the way  

I can PM you from my main account, I was just paranoid/ashamed because a simple google search provided much detailed information about me; I use that username all over the web..

Thank you, reddit~
[Request] Need help for friend of mine
So, a friend got screwed out of a place tonight (landord dick-ness), and as such is stuck using what little money she has left paying for a hotel in Southwest Florida. If you kind pizza-ers can give her a hand that'd be swell. I know it's not me, but she's never used Reddit, and College has also left me quite poor. You have my word that I will pay it forward. Thanks regardless!
[request] hungry student in Michigan
I just arrived back at school after visting my family in Wisconsin over the holidays. Unfortunately while I was there I ran in to some pretty serious car problems and a hefty bill. Paying for my car so I could make it back to school cost everything in my bank account (and a couple hundred dollars my parents were able to help me with ): ). Now I'm at my appartment with nothing to eat and could really use a pie to tide me over untill class starts monday and I get my financial aide. Thanks 
[Request] U of Illinois student- No room in the budget for pizza, but really want a pizza.
Hey all, I'm paying for my own college and trying to keep costs as low as possible. Therefore, there is no room in my budget for pizza, but I am seriously Jonesing a pepperoni pizza right now. If you can help me out, PM me and we'll get something sorted out. Thanks for looking!
[REQUEST] St. Louis USA - Needing to feed my children but broke and sick
My husband just started a new job but until we get his first paycheck we are completely broke.  He is at work and I have the flu and can't get up off the couch and my three children are bugging me about what is for dinner.  Would anyone be kind enough to provide a pizza for us? 
[Request] Tallahasse, FL - It's been a rough month and I'm sick of ramen...
As the title says, it's been a rough month for my family for a number of reasons financial troubles being on the top of the list. My reason for posting is that groceries have been pretty sparce for the past week or so. The kids, wife and I have been had our fill of bland pastas and such. Payday is in less than a week and the generosity of friends and family in addition to picking up odd jobs here and there are the only things that have gotten us through this month.

Long story short, a pizza sounds unbelievably awesome right about now, even more so when imagine the how excited the kids would be after a week of serving dinner to sad face and disappointed grumbles.
[Request] Hungry and broke college student
Just got done paying this months bill, rent, and utilities. Won't have any cash coming in for a little more than a week. A pizza would definitely keep me alive for a good part of that. Would happily provide college proof if necessary
[Request] Just rode my bike home from work in the the rain and the power is off in my house (can't use microwave) and a warm meal would be nice. Buffalo, NY

[Request] Finally made the decision to leave abusive relationship, starting with staying alone this weekend with an empty fridge. USA
So, in light of the article that has been floating around here, I feel kind of timid about putting this out there, but I guess I have nothing to lose at this point. In the past, he has searched my reddit history and scolded me for things I posted, etc., but I know that a throwaway won't be acknowledged, so I guess I'll take my chances on him getting mad about this.

I've been in an emotionally abusive relationship for quite some time, and it has been absolutely wrecking my sense of self/sanity.   This weekend, we were supposed to go to his family's cabin, and over the course of the week there were many , "well, I'm going alone!" and "I want you to come with, baby" moments.  That is probably the tamest and most concise way to tell the story.  Last night, he was shining a flashlight repeatedly, directly in my eyes, to try and make me go to bed with him, if that gives any insight.

I am proud of myself for deciding not to go with him this weekend, even if we were on a "high" this afternoon. 

I am moving out the first of August, and am trying desperately to save money for my security deposit/first month's rent. To be honest, I was looking forward to free meals with his family, but I decided it wasn't worth it.

The icing on the cake is that I'm one of those people who doesn't eat when they're stressed out, so right now it's just me, a box of wine, and whatever I ate yesterday hanging out in the house.  Logic tells me I should eat.   Anyone?

I would absolutely love to pay it forward when I have my feet on the ground.

[request] Unemployment check never came, waiting on GI Bill. Will pay it forward within 1 month. (Norfolk, VA)
*
[Request] My daughter got me hooked on Happy Street. Dammit, it's adorable.
I've been cleaning all day, and waiting for this mushroom market to finish building has got me really wanting a slice.  
[Request] Anyone in need of a logo, flyer, pamphlet, etc? Starving artist in Anaheim, CA
Freelance graphic designer here, looking to help you with any design work you may need, in return for food. Thanks for your time!
[request] Quebec, Canada.
We want to chill with pizza, but out of dosh.

[request] I am a single father just complete my first day back to work and starving
I just got back to work. My first day was today! I picked my son up a little while ago and have no energy left to cook and I am really hungry. If someone would send a pizza it would mean the world to me and my son. 
[Request]Broke after getting screwed over by laptop support. Can't stand eating ramen anymore.
I'm home from college for the summer and my parents are gone for the weekend. Unfortunately, my LCD screen failed on my toshiba laptop and after shipping it to them, they've told me that I owe them $200 for fixing the POWER JACK before they'll fix my screen despite the fact that it's under warranty and that I didn't send it in for them to fix anything but the screen. After arguing with them over a span of two days and looking at other options, I gave in and am now broke. I've eaten ramen for virtually every meal for the past 2 and a half days and I can't do it anymore. It would be sweet if a fellow redditor could help a guy out.
[Request] Passed up free tickets to the Packers game so I could watch the game with dad instead.
Now all I want is Pizza Hut. :)
[request] Jacksonville, Florida USA I would love to eat a delicious pizza to take my mind off school.
I am feeling depressed. I do not know if it is the study of law and the tedious reading that goes with it or the hunger in my belly causing it. If some kind soul wishes to help me eliminate the hunger in my belly, we can narrow the source. I would eternally grateful to any kind soul wishing to assist me in these trying times.
[REQUEST] College dudes in Long Beach on spring break would like to request a pizza!

There's a local hotspot that takes orders until 12:30 AM called [Big E's pizza](http://bigepizza.com)! It's currently 11:22 PM so this is the only reason I mention that.. I'm not sure if anywhere else is still open. We're gonna be playing video games for the next 24 hours and thought some pizza pie would be cool. 

Woo!
[Request] Morganton, NC Looking for some lunch tomorrow.
I wanted to surprise my roommate and girlfriend with some tasty lunch after they get off work tomorrow morning, and what better than some pizza?!
[Request] Hungry after work, could use a pizza
No sob story here, just a hungry guy after work. I've got a pretty big craving for some pizza but trying to save cash for when I head up to school again in the fall. Any of you guys want to help a dude out?

C:
[REQUEST] Anyone help a recent college grad who just started a new job/got his first apartment get some dinner?
Is anyone out there kind enough to help me out? I started a new job Monday (in this day and age, I consider this a win) but won't get paid until the 15th. Spent all my graduation money on the deposit for my apartment near work. I am hungry and can show my pathetic empty fridge and equally pathetic bank account with $1.97 in it. Just throwing this out there if anyone has the heart to help a dude out. If so, I promise to help out another in need on the 15th when I receive my paycheck. Thanks for reading anyway.
[Request][USA] Papa Johns is giving away one free pizza with $15 purchase. Help me today I help someone tomorrow?
If someone could hook me up with a $15 gift card I would happily hook someone up with pizza tomorrow. Here is the link to the Papa Johns promotion http://www.papajohns.com/touchdown/

Thanks Reddit! &lt;3
[REQUEST][MI,USA] Day off, would love pizza for lunch!
Have today off, soo I'll be stuck in the house all day cleaning and doing homework that I've put off for a week... Just looking for a pizza pie for lunch! :) 

EDIT: Welp, got hungry and finished my homework, so I ordered Jimmy Johns instead, maybe next time! :) 
[Request] Nashua Nh Mother of one hungry 2 year old
I've never done anything like this before, but I am willing to try this out. I am the proud mother of an awesome toddler whose favorite food is pizza. Today is the first day of our staycation, but I am poor until Friday when I get paid. Hoping to make my little man smile by having some pizza for lunch
[Request] USA WA. Unexpected bill, couldn't go grocery shopping this week.
Like the title says, had to pay an unexpected bill that I was going to pay this coming Friday on payday. We thought we had until friday but it turns out that we didn't. Wasn't able to buy food for us this week in trade of having gas to get to work. Anyone out there in a charitable mood today? :)
[request] pregger gf 95 degree house and no food.. promise to pay it forward! Northern Colorado
Hey all! It's about 95 degrees here and our kitchen is pretty much empty save for some bread and cereal.  My girlfriend/fiance is 8 1/2 months pregnant and we could use a good meal.  We promise to pay it forward when we get money! Thanks so much in advance!
[Request] Lost my job day after labour day, start new job tomorrow but won't be paid until Oct 4th.
I didn't know a place like this exists! 

I was out sick for 3 days the week before Labour Day. After my manager came back, I was let go at the end of my shift. I was supposed to be paid my last pay(big whopping 7.5 hours of pay) on Friday that just passed, and of course, they didn't pay me and said that'd be another week before I'll get my final check from them. I start at a new job tomorrow but won't be paid until October 4th and that money all goes right into rent. 

I just would love to eat pizza and watch Breaking Bad tonight as if everything was normal. 
(Request) pizza for my kids please?
Hi Reddit. Im a single dad having a really rough time. My friend mentioned this site to me so i could try to get some help. I was out of work for awhile but i recently found a new job! i dont get paid until a week from now and i can go to afood pantry monday. Could someone please help us out tonight? I will pass the favor on once i get caught up. I promise. im in virginia. Thanks for reading.
[Request] Just moved to a new state(Waltham MA) all alone and could use some comfort food!
Hi I just moved to Waltham MA from my home state of PA and could use some comfort food on this very lonely day. Thank you!!
[Request] Two girls in between paychecks, we've all been there
We're just sitting here near indianapolis on our nights off, wishing we had something other than poptarts to eat tonight. Just pulled a double at work but there is no room in the budget to splurge. Groceries this week consisted of tuna and white bread...and I'm pretty damn tired of tuna at this point. We're pretty nice people so we're hoping karma will help us out! We promise to post a special [thank you] and pay it forward ASAP!!
[REQUEST] It's my birthday tomorrow (UK)
So, I'm a student in London, and it's my birthday tomorrow. I can't really afford to buy a pizza but would love one! 
[Request] Just kindof sad/disappointed, could use pizza(Colorado, US of A)
I'm not entirely sure why, I guess just kindof a sad day. Cheer me up?
[Request] Visiting student could use warm food.
I'm a visiting medical student from Costa Rica. 
I got locked out of my apartment in shorts for 3 hours just now. (I was taking out the trash, no roomate home).
Had to pay the locksmith and ran out of cash for the weekend. 
Could really use some comfort pizza.
[Request] Pregnant, packing @ 2am to move tomorrow and poor! Pity pizza?
My SO and I are moving to the new apartment tomorrow which has put us in the poor house (paid first and last months rent upfront) so we currently have a combined total of $0.65

We've been frugal with food, meaning lots of rice and KD, but our dishes / food are packed up and my midnight prego cravings have hit hard. 

And Pizza Pizza closes in an hour. D:

Anyone care to donate a pepperoni pizza? Pretty please!
[Request] My partner and I hit six-months, we both started new jobs today and I'd like to get them a pizza.
My partner is a wonderful gender-queer pansexual and after six-months I am still enamored. We live in the Barrio of North West Dallas and love-it. While I looked for a tech support job, my partner bit the bullet and took a burger job (albiet, fancy burger place; they refer to it as eco-capitalist.)

We would love a pizza with meat on it (although we are queer activists we do not dabble in granolaheadary.) 

What you will get in return: we will personally write you a thank you card and send you a pizza in return. I will make my personal number available to your elderly relatives; so that I can tell them to unplug their router and restart their Windows 98 when their internets aren't firing.
[Request] Utilities nearly emptied my checkings account. I'll gladly repay next week!
Apparently central heat is expensive, and I learned the hard way when the MLGW bill emptied my checkings account. I have one meal's worth of ramen left, and I could use a pizza to get me through tomorrow and the day after. I've already notified my parents of the situation, but they live overseas so the remittance will take a few business days.

I live in Memphis, TN.

I will gladly pay you back, or return the favor to someone else in need if you prefer,  by next week when I have some more money :)
[REQUEST] El Paso, TX. Out of food at home and need something to curb my hunger
I actually have money for the pizza but all I have is a 50 dollar bill, and the delivery boys don't accept anything larger than a 20 dollar bill.
(Request) Broke and unemployed writer in OR
Okay, so I'm not exactly in the worst place seeing as I am living with my parents. But, due to circumstances with them, we've been in really tight money for about three years now. And we've been getting by food wise on food banks, and some meat (mostly chicken) on payday. It's looking up recently, but that doesn't change the fact that I haven't had any sort of pizza in a little over three years. So, it'd great to get some from one of you guys. Verification can be given when it's set up. 
[Request] Broke FSU student hoping for some pizza
Hey guys, so as the title implies I'm a college student attending Florida State University. I'm currently studying in the library and could really use a pizza. Unfortunately I'm also broke until the end of the week. I'm hoping someone generous makes my day!
{request}  Stuck at work until midnight, left my wallet at home
I am in Lubbock TX.  Anyone willing to help a guy out?  I will repay the kindness this week
[REQUEST] Broke and frazzled college student, need food
Hey y'all.

So, I live in Fort Worth TX. I'm shuttered in my room tonight doing homework and studying. I won't be asleep till at least 4 at the earliest and I just need some food to scarf down while I go over these kanji and sentence structures. Any help is appreciated! :D
[REQUEST] My wife left the kids and I.
My sister told me about this, last week the wife walked out on me and left the kids, she froze all the bank accounts and I don't get paid until Friday. I'd really like to cheer the kids up with some pizza. Any help would be great in these tough times.
[Request] Me, my girlfriend and my roomates used all our money on bills and we have 3 packs of ramen and and some condiments left in the house. Would a kind redditor help us out?
I hate asking for help from people but we really don't have a choice right now. I made a throwaway account since everyone living with me is a redditor and I'd like to surprise them. I'm in Minnesota,north of Minneapolis.  Edit-Completely out of food now. Me and the other guy let the 3 girls eat the rest of the ramen. We didn't get food sadly. So we're out of food and no one gets payed until Tuesday. Edit-Seems like no one can a help me out which sucks but there's nothing I can do about it. Congrats to everyone that asked and received today, you're lucky=) 
[REQUEST] New place, no kitchen. Los Angeles, CA
Is anyone willing to help me out while I make an expensive move to a new place? I would pay it forward.

UPDATE: Aaaahhh random pizza tastes great! I got a random sandwich and Coke thrown in. Thanks so much to jonnyamsterdam for the RAOP! I'm saving the leftovers for dinner!
[REQUEST] TX. Just a guy with a guitar tryin to get some pizza, will write song about pizza and redditor who supplies!!!
I've got a guitar in one hand and the other is a pizza pie?
[REQUEST] Felt like crap today, had some bad luck. Pizza would be amazing.
Woke up with a massive headache and sore throat, so ended up missing work. Tried to play some games to relax, but had constant losses(why do I play competitive games to relax? lol). Pretty much out of food and don't get paid until tomorrow, so food would be appreciated. :D

Now, don't take me as desperate. Worst case scenario I'm hungry for one night and have plenty of food tomorrow. Still, I'd appreciate a pizza!

Edit: Near Boston, Massachusetts.


[Request] Just need a picker uper in Colorado Springs, Co
Been a bad week, My birthday was followed by my SO getting arrested for being in the wrong place at the really wrong time. I spent 18 hours not having a clue where he was. Court yesterday to find out that he's being charged with something he wasn't involved in and had no idea was  going on. Just would love some pizza to pick up my spirits
[REQUEST] Family Needs Help
Its kinda hard to ask....I and my wife and 3 kids need a little help.  I lost my job and even though I got another one I dont get paid till next friday. We have been living off anything we can get.  A friend told me about this from tv. I figured I would give it a shot. Not sure how it works.  I would love to feed my kids and wife a decent meal tonight. I am not asking for charity just....well a little food.  I will return the gesture. cowman31@hotmail.com   If you need any other info feel free to email me  
[Request]  I'm hungry.
None of the big 3 deliver here...  sorry.  I'm not going to post some sob story about why I would like some food, just that I'm hungry and tired.  If someone could order from a local place I'll give the number and my address or what not.  It would be appreciated. 
[REQUEST] I don't want to ask for my dad's help anymore, even if that means I don't have anything to eat. 
My dad has helped me out of so many binds that it's not even funny, so when my car broke down I decided it was time for me to try to handle things on my own. At first it was the inner and outer tie rod, then I had a problem with the fan switch, and now it won't even start. I was trying to do things on my own so my dad would be proud of me for fixing things but I've just managed to screw it all up. 

To make a long story short, I have a full tank of gas and I've spent $650 in two weeks trying to get my car running, but it isn't working. I just bought a bus pass to get to work, so I have $3 to my name until Wednesday rolls around, and an empty pantry to keep me company. If a kind stranger was to provide me with a pie, I'll be more than happy to pay back the hungry with my next paycheck. 


[REQUEST] Small family would love a Pizza Dinner 
I am here asking for a Pizza dinner for my family,My son has been asking for Pizza which has now made everyone want
Pizza but its not something we can afford at this time.After bills there isn't a lot of money left for food,We receive 
food stamps but you can't buy real pizza on food stamps. We haven't had real pizza for a place like papa johns,dominos,
ect for I am not sure how long because I can't remember the last time normally we have to stick with frozen pizza
from the grocery store.I am not sure if this request will get granted but I wanted to let everyone know how wonderful
this site is I was told about this site by my mother who was told by one of our neighbors. 

There are five of us living here: Myself,My boyfriend,My mother,&amp; my two teenagers,Normally three pizzas is enough for
everyone to get 2/3 slices each,Extras aren't even necessary just pizza would make us more than happy. I was provided a 
verification code &amp; can give that to anyone who is needing it. I can also provide a photo of my mother holding up a sign 
with todays date [I just got home from a long days work &amp; look horrible so I am too embarrassed to take a photo] at this 
time my boyfriend is still at work &amp; my kids will be home in about an hour - two hours. Thank you for taking the time to 
read this it isn't a life threatening need we would just really like to have some fresh just baked mouth watering pizza &amp;
can provide pictures of the Pizza afterward.
[Request] God damnit Mom.
So... long story short, I'm crashing at my mother's because I'm moving back to this area for a new job I start tomorrow. We don't get along all that great, especially when it comes to food things. She had a pack of burger patties and a pack of brats in her freezer, which I thawed, but apparently am not allowed to cook because "it would stink up the house" and offend her quasi-vegetarian "I don't eat mammals" sensibilities. Nor is there any other readily available food in the house, and I'm broke pending employment and will be saving every scrap to get into an apartment ASAP...
[Request] Louisiana, USA - Moving; packed up everything required to make ramen.
My husband, 10 month old son and I are in the middle of a move. He just got out of the military so we can't leave just yet even though all of our belongings are packed and have been picked up. The only thing we have to eat is ramen and being the moron I am, I packed all of our pots and our microwave...everything required to make ramen edible. Please don't make us eat cold and undercooked ramen tonight. 
[REQUEST] Hungry and would appreciate some pizza
There isn't anything to eat in my house, and I do mean that. Furthermore I dont have a car or any money to order food, and I have been hungry for hours now. If anyone could find it in their heart to send me a pizza at this time or night, or heck even tomorrow morning i'd be grateful.

Also, I'd draw anything you want to the best of my ability in ms paint.

Im near Toronto, Ontario.
[Request] anyone wanna help us out?
Me and my brother are without food tonight. We were counting on some assistance from a friend, but it fell through.We'd appreciate any help to tie us over until tomorrow, will pass this forward ASAP. Thanks in advance
[REQUEST] Lost my credit card two days ago, incredibly hungry and there are no more pennies under the couch pillows. Any help appreciated!
I'm supposed to go home in two weeks (Europe) and I lost my credit card on Tuesday. I'm working on getting it back but it's going to take a couple of days. Haven't eaten anything but spaghetti with pepper the last two days so if anyone is feeling like buying me a pizza I promise to return the favor when I get my card back!

Edit: I got a gift card for a couple of pizzas! Reddit you're amazing!
[request] Bothell, WA - Waiting for paycheck, broke until next week
Just as the title says.. I'm on contract right now, and only get paid once a month. Overspent a little last month, and now I'm stuck broke until my next check comes in.. Which might be tomorrow, or it could be late next week.

Will gladly offer a pie after I get paid.
[Request] Anyone that can help in Chicago?
I have been scared to ask for help. I lost my job in March, and money keeps getting tighter. I have a few interviews this week. So there is hope. I was wondering if anyone could help me this weekend? I will make sure to turn around and help when I get hired soon. 
[Request]Two long days of work, need some cheesy, saucy goodness in Massachusetts
Just go home from work (started at 4am) and have to do it again tomorrow.  Too exhausted to cook and if I did it would take too long to make and clean up as I need to go to bed soon to get up again for my shift tomorrow.  Help feed me for the week.  Please.  I'll be so grateful and pay it forward when I can.&lt;3
[Request] After a series of unlucky events, I would gladly appreciate a hot pie.
Hey everyone!
I couldn't access my other account, but anyway

- I lost access to my bank funds and will not be able to purchase anything until payday (this Friday)
- I've got 3 tests this week and I work roughly 30-35 hours a week... I typically eat about a meal a day (no fast food, just home cooked)
- I have some rice, beans and some ground beef in the fridge that I attempted to cook... But this was the [result](http://imgur.com/X3wwk). Burnt like hell. Tastes worse than it smells.

Nothing too serious, just a series of first world problems. I'd really appreciate any help! I'll be sure to return the favor this Friday.

Thanks!

Edit: Also, I'm in Denton, TX.
[Request] St. Louis, Mo. 
Hello, I am a college student studying electricity. I am 26, and recently quit my job to continue my education. I am a veteran and recieve the GI Bill, which is great, but I have stretched it a bit too far this month with the housing stipend. So, for the past few days I have been eating noodles and bread and A1 sauce. Any offers for pizza will not be unappreciated, though, I only request one. The 1st of July I hope to get a direct deposit. Please PM me for details, and I apologize for the novelty account. I have comments that I have made in the past that I would rather not be public domain.
[request] Would just like to get the kids some dinner. 
I've had a very crappy mother's day, I've been physically ill due to stress, and I'm completely broke. I'd really just like to get some food for my kids tonight. 

I've never requested before, I'd really appreciate some help. 
[REQUEST] Pizza for a struggling family 
We just had a car accident and are now without a car. Reduced pay checks just dont seem to be cutting it either. Pizza would be a nice change for dinner one night. 
        Fort Worth, Texas 
[REQUEST] Keaau, HI. In between moving and dying for a pizza!
My boyfriend and I are moving to a new neighborhood and this is our last night in our current house. We've got almost everything moved, and are consequently very broke and have been munching on Triscuits, as we aren't able to go food shopping until Friday. A large pizza would set us up for today and tomorrow!

We were thinking about what to do for our tummies and I remembered: Random Acts of Pizza! I've never done this before so I'm pretty excited. PM me for more info. I will send you a picture of us with the pizza and one of our cat Sid the Squid doing something *very* silly. One does not regret pictures of Sid the Squid.
[Request] Help my girlfriend and I out of our last stages of poverty :) (WILL REPAY!)
So, well. My girlfriend and I are 20, and 22 years old respectively. We decided to follow our dreams of creating a digital marketing/design firm about a year and a half ago. The road has been long and hard, we slept on my father's couch in a trailer for 6 months, a dank basement (on the floor) with people who didn't really want us there for the last 9, sometimes living off ramen as we all have to sometimes.

But here we are, on the advent of our success, and Christopher Columbus messes it up. We have a large check coming in the mail, but we didn't get it today because of the holiday. We are currently staying in a Motel 6 for a week, to scout/establish places to live, as we FINALLY after a year and a half of hard work, destitution, doubt and confidence, and above all courage, enough money to get (and keep) ourselves afloat, and enough clientele to support us through the months. 
We're getting an apartment with the money that's coming in (and of course food), but we had planned on renting a single bed motel room for a week for $259, which would've left us with more than enough for simple groceries. They only had a 2 bed avaliable, for about $290. We only had about $310 in cash at that point, so needless to say that the remainder of the money is gone, and we were reliant on that check coming in today to be able to eat. Christopher Columbus! Note, we have NO where else to stay besides outside, no family, nothing.

We haven't ate a meal in around 30 hours, and while we've gone much, much longer before (box of cheerios and a bag of Ore Ida fries for a week... lol) , we just really don't want to go through the slow agony of starving again, especially when we're so on the cusp of being self reliant.

So I ask if there's any kind soul out there that would bless us with a pizza tonight, with the full intention of us paying you back within the next few days if wanted. We have a LOT of work to do, and not eating for an entire day isn't exactly great on your concentration, especially when dealing with tedious stuff like coding.

Proof avaliable if needed :) thanks!
[REQUEST] No particular reason request. I just love pizza.
I have no particular need for a free pizza. I just have a want. I can afford a pizza and don't have any children or other dependants, besides my turtle Donny, who will get a pepperoni if a pizza should be bestowed upon us. 

I just like pizza and like the idea of receiving a free pizza via some random person. I suppose it would be proper of me to reciprocate in the future, and who knows, maybe I will. 

Cheers
[REQUEST] [IN, USA] Only one thing to make the day better...
After spending two and a half months unemployed, the universe seemed to have the BEST sense of humour, and I landed three interviews today (two face-to-face, one over the phone). I absolutely NAILED them, and feeling like next week I'm going to have jobs fighting over me. (Longer success story [here.](http://redd.it/ojvu1)) So I'm feeling pretty damn good. But you know what would make me fly on absolute Cloud 9 right now? A good ol' pizza!

First time asking.
[request] North Carolina Hi! I'm hungry and the only money I have is in a paypal account, can anyone help?
Hi! My parents are out of town and I'm flat broke in real life money BUT I have some money in a paypal account. Would anyone be willing to order me a pizza and then accept a paypal reimbursement + a 5 dollar tip?

A magnificent redditor by the name of mmmcandy has helped me out. He is one bad ass mother fucker... who likes candy. Thank you!
{request} best friend of 13 years being a complete douche. Need to drown sorrows in pizza with new best friend. 
If calling me an idiot and judgmental wasn't enough, this douchebag runs over my cat and doesn't tell me about it. He brought the poor thing to the vet but now he's sticking me with the bill. I NEED SOME PIZZA TO MOURN MY BABY'S MURDER. :CCCCC Plus, I'm hungry. &lt;3 

RIP; Sparky &lt;3333
request joplin mo
I feel weird asking, but my family would really enjoy a pizza. My parents lost their jobs after the devastating tornado here in Joplin. We currently have other family members living with us that lost everything. We have 12 people living here right now and were living off can goods and pasta or whatever is given to us. We would grately appriciate a special gift like this..

&lt;3 God bless Joplin &lt;3

 [REQUEST] Fredericton, NB (CA) Whole life fell to pieces, must move back w/ parents. 
My fellow redditors, this week has probably taken the cake (or pizza? please say pizza) for worst week of my life. Two weeks ago my SO and I went to visit our respective parents in our hometown. SO had just gotten his Masters and we were there to celebrate. SO grandmother has a heart attack the day after we arrive and is in the hospital the whole time we're there. She died 3 separate times and was revived. All planned celebrations are (rightfully) ceased. Return home a week and some later after grandma is stable to find that our power bill is in arrears thanks to a shitty roommate we had and they are threatening to shut off our power. They refuse to work out any kind of payment plan and more or less tell us 'all or nothing' by 6pm tomorrow or we're out of luck. Next, find out the oven mysteriously broke while we were away and can no longer cook anything decent. Found this out after I attempted to cook a frozen pizza and was horrified by the half cooked doughy mess slithering through the oven rack. Don't know where I'm getting the money for the power bill and probably going to have to pick up stakes and move back home... but please reddit, if I can use anything right now it's a random act of pizza. 

**TLDR: SO and I returned from visiting sick family member to discover our power is going to be turned off tomorrow; oven died and mangled a frozen pizza we were going to have for supper.**
[Request] 2 weeks with no call back on a job yet...
But I'm still trying to keep my head up, It's not all bad though, I passed my Exams and not failing. But now I'm home filling out applications really hungry and tired of Ramen noodles. Thanks in advance!
[REQUEST] 6 people 3 of which are children to feed have no money till the first.
Hey, I live in Bremerton, Washington and currently I'm babysitting my cousins for about a week while my aunt goes on vacation with her husband, My grandpa currently has the money and he only spends the money on beer and cigerattes and we're almost out completely. I was hoping that someone would be kind enough to buy a pizza for us, as we're knd of sick of cereal. ;-;
(Request) 4 Broke college seniors about to graduate.
We haven't had food fo the weekend because of our school's awkward food service schedule. We're trying to celebrate the Earth Hour tonight at 8:30 - 9:30pm central time. Just trying to eat beforehand.
[REQUEST] Just found out about random acts of pizza. I'm single father raising 2 kids and I'm unemployed but looking. So far our current plan for tonight is cereal again.

[Request](CA) Will be undergoing a routine but highly unpleasant medical procedure. Would love some pizza to help take my mind off it.
*just to be clear: by CA, I mean California
[REQUEST] Girlfriend and I are without money. We will pay it forward.
I've got $0.90 to my name. And her next few paychecks are going to medical bills. I don't get paid till Monday. We'd be more than appreciative if we had some real food. Thanks.
[Request] San Leandro CA would like some pizza to help survive until payday
I get paid on friday and I have very little food to last until then.  I'm currently on the look out on a better job that would prevent this from happening, but no bites so far.  As soon as I have some available funds, I'll pay it forward.

Thanks!
[Request] Spending christmas alone and broke till friday. If anyone could treat me to a pizza I would be really thankful.
Hi my fellow redditors. Stuck in a college dorm at my uni in Grand Junction Colorado. It's been a rough year for my parents and I wasnt able to travel home for the holidays. Would be awesome to enjoy a yummy pizza with my roomie who is in the same boat. Happy holidays to each and all.
[REQUEST]Cleveland, OH. Respiratory infection keeping me from working. No money coming in until Friday...
This is the state of my refrigerator: [Linky](http://i.imgur.com/JRvYJ5s.jpg)

I'll do my best to make someone else's week when I'm in a better state.

RAoP pls.

[Request]Just read this article, this is great!!
Hello I just read this article:

http://abcnews.go.com/US/random-acts-pizza-donate/story?id=13950694

And it is amazing that something like this actually exists over the internet, I am here for assistance , because sad to say I am hungry and have been for the past 2 days and my check for the week has already been spent on paying the rent and fixing my car brakes.

If anyone with a kind heart can help me, I promise to return next week and give pizzas to those in need thank you
[Request] Lost my job. Caught up on bills, but broke with no food. NY
Long story short I've been doing landscaping since March and I got laid off last Friday. I collected my last paycheck yesterday and paid the remainder of my bills for July. Exploring options for new income, but completely broke until then. Appreciate your time for reading this!
[Request] Just ended a long friendship, depressed, poor, need some comfort food
Long story short, my friend put his dick in crazy and decided to drop me as a friend due to her jealousy of me (another female). I'm in between jobs, not starting my new one for a while. I would love to simultaneously comfort myself over the loss of a friend and celebrate my (eventual) new job with a good pizza, but I can't. Hugs for life if someone actually does this for me! 
[Request] No real sob story, just pretty hungry and lacking cash, can pay it forward by Monday
thanks in advance guys! 
[Request] Behind on bills, no money for rent, need something to eat other than cereal.
Haven't been getting many hours at work, and getting the hours I do get cut. Don't have money to pay my bills or even my rent due next week. I've been eating mostly cereal and pasta, which is almost gone. I would love something different. Pizza sounds amazing. Please and thank you everyone!
[Request][USA]Pizza for Poetry?
Reddit please give me
A bit of your time,
I've smoked my last smoke
And spent my last dime

I'm hungry and sick of
My bowls of rice,
A pizza I think
Would be pretty nice

Though my wallet is empty
My heart is full,
For I met a hottie
In my social lull

I'm selling my Playstation
To take out this girl,
A sacrifice
That might make me hurl

Provide me a break
A bread cheese duet,
One night of pizza
I'll be forever in your debt
[Request] I will be eternally grateful if someone bought me a pizza and promise to pay it forward when I can.
I just graduated and realized I have no job and and $35000 in student loans. I haven't even been able to celebrate my graduation much at all because I don't have money.

A free pizza would really make me feel better about my situation in general, at least for a little while.

I know there are a lot of people in more need than me and I want to leave this subreddit better off than I found it. So, I definitely plan on buying pizza for random redditors in need once I have a job.

Forgot to mention: It's my last 48 hours in NYC before I move upstate.

*
[Request] Feeling kind of alone during this holiday season right now. I'm really missing my family and friends from home hard right about now. A random pizza delivery would be sweet and brighten my evening!

[REQUEST] Had a shitty day. :( Went to court for an MIP/MIC/Drunk In Public
Hey RAoP, I had court today.  I got my second minor about a week ago and I feel like shit.  I had court, and the judge ordered me 500 dollars in fines and 40 hours community service.  I'm a pretty good kid, but I like to party and drink, and I got pulled over biking home from a party.  I'm living in a house, I'm a sophomore @ NDSU. I don't feel like cooking anything.  Been cruising Reddit for about 5 hours now.  Oh yeah, missed a calc quiz and my TA won't let me reschedule, she said that court wasn't an acceptable excuse. So I'm starting Calc 1 with a zero.  Thanks guys.

EDIT: Fargo
[REQUEST] California  Wants to see if reddit pizza is real
hey there.......wanted to use this and message some fellow redditors.....plus a good excuse to do some science!
[Request] Tried getting this guy a pizza and failed! Anyone else want to try? Calgary, AB
I've been trying to figure out how to send fellow canadian AridDecay a pizza or two - he posted in r/Assistance looking for help and I wanted to send him a warm treat for halloween.

Unfortunately it seems my plans have fallen through - no one will let me pay with CC online, has to be in person.

If anyone could help him out that'd be super cool. I feel mega-bad at failing. =(
[request] UK Yup, another uni student down on their luck.
Hey, I'm just a regular Uni student that's out of money and low on food, It'd just be awesome to have a pizza instead of rice and ketchup :) I hate sob stories so I think I'll just leave it there...

Thanks for looking!
[Request]2 Chicago bands stranded in Philly with a busted van and a $2,700 repair bill could use some hot cheesy goodness.
I'm writing this on behalf of my friends, They're currently stuck in PA on a 2 week long tour. They spent most of all the money they had on a smaller repair the day before. I donated what I could yesterday, but a $2,700 repair today has crippled them. I can communicate the terms, I'm positive these fun loving guys will send you T-shirts and silly pics. But we can discuss if you want them to write a song or something.
[Request] Send pizza to Spanish protesters
Here's the web you can order from: http://www.telepizza.es/

In the name you can put "indignados".

Barcelona address: plaza Catalunya s/n

Madrid address: plaza del Sol s/n
[REQUEST] My terminally mother and i would love some pizza for dinner tonight
We live in petaluma California and wont be able to get our foods stamps for another couple of weeks, a fresh pizza would cheer her up, random acts of kindness always cheers her up, Thank you and God Bless
[REQUEST] Hudson FL - Exchange a Pizza for me trying my best to make you laugh.
I understand there are other requests, and it's cool if mine doesn't get fulfilled. Just felt I might try to make someone chuckle. You don't even have to send a pizza if you just want to joke around. :)
[Request] I'm so hungry... Poznan, Poland! are there any redditors around?

[Request] My friend is desperately in need of something to eat.
Her husband is in the Navy and didn't get paid before he had to leave for a 1 month trip and she has no food in her apartment, what-so-ever.

I'd do it myself but I don't get paid until next week.

I'm hoping some kind soul could help her out.
[Request] Can we stop with all the ridiculously sad, sob stories???
That's my only request. This sub has turned into a bad episode of Dr. Phil... This is supposed to be fun and random, not acts of sympathy pizza. 

I hate to sound heartless, but come on! Everybody has problems and should try and deal with them on their own time. If your dog dies, or you lose your job, I do feel bad for you, but that isn't what this sub is about. You should be with your family and feiends, not trying to figure out deep dish or thin-n-crispy from Pizza Hut... 

It has become a pity party, not a pizza party. Let's keep the crying to a minimum... 

Downvote if you must, but this is my only request. Let's keep this lighthearted... Sorry for the rant fellow pizza lovers... Keep on pizza-ing on...
[Request] PA, USA Not a sad story, but would greatly appreciate a pizza :)
Hey, reddit! I just discovered this subreddit, and think it is amazing. 

I'm hanging out with friends from college that I don't see much and think this sub is amazing. I live near a dominos and a pizza hut, they're both relatively cheap. There's also a little Caesars which is very cheap I think like 5 dollars for a pizza. 

I wouldn't ask for a RAOP if we weren't all completely broke.  I have 40 dollars until 2 fridays from now, but a pizza for me and my friends would be amazing. Plus, an awesome story to share and might make my friends give reddit a shot! :) 


**If not, thanks for reading and have a great day fellow redditors! :)**

EDIT: Also, would definitely be willing to pay it forward once I find a second job :) 
[Request] Just cashed in my change jar to buy rice, beans, and eggs. Would love a pizza dinner. Sacramento, CA
Girlfriend and I just went to a coin star and cashed in our change jar to buy some cheap food items... We would love a dinner that isn't rice or beans. Will surely pay it forward when I am able. Thanks.
[Request] Challenge for my bad hockey team
I am a Nova Scotia Canadian Resident league hockey player. This is just for fun, but this year our team has had a very disappointing season. With not a single win...This is no Beggar for pizza, but A challenge We play a are 4th last game tonight at 11:30pm Atlantic time.(10:30 Eastern). If we win our first game tomorrow night someone buys us Dominoes pizza. We have a fairly small team of only about 12 guys. So anybody feeling an underdog victory? The scores will be posted online hopefully not to long after them game.

TL;DR - My hockey team has gone they entire season with no in thus far. We play tonight if we win someone grateful soul gives us a Dominoes gift card...I'm willing to do verification, and I can prove the score when the game is posted on my university website.

[REQ] UpState NY USA- Pizza for The Mommy of the worlds newest Redditor! Pics inside
Hello Reddit, Title is pretty self explanatory, My wife just gave birth to a future Redditor We are stuck in the Hospital and she is hungry for some pie. 

[Say hello to Anah!](http://i302.photobucket.com/albums/nn91/potebarski/New%20baby/DSC05975.jpg)
[Request] me and my brother, broke, almost out of food,and really hungry.
We are in Austin TX and are currently living on 3 eggs and 7 packs on ramen.
[Request]  At home sick, and it's rainy and cold.
I haven't been able to go and get paid yet because my boss won't let me near the store for fear that I will infect him.  Plus I've been off work for 4 days now which means I won't get paid for that time.  Any help would be greatly appreciated.
[Request] Family of 5 very hungry.
Hello /RAOP! I've been a Redditor for quite some time now, and have seen the amazing generosity that this forum can produce. 
[Request]Maryland college student who just paid rent. No car, and this would really help.
I just paid my rent. Don't get paid until Friday. $0.87 in my bank account until then. Boyfriend is at work until late, and I have no transportation, or money for that matter. This would make my whole day. 

Anything is appreciated. :)
[Request] Two stoned and hungry friends
Me and my friend are stuck at my house with nothing to eat and no money. we have no car and some ball searing heat outside here in Las Vegas. help a couple of bros out. Thanks guys.

[Request] Jobless, Unhealthy, and Sad in New York City
I've been having a really difficult time getting on my feet. I was hit by a serious and ongoing neurological problem a couple of months ago, which has made it even harder to find work. I'm all alone in my crappy apartment, my family is hundreds of miles away and so is my girlfriend. I've never tried this before, but it would be great if I could get a big, greasy, sausage mushroom pizza. It's past 12:00 in NY, I wonder if anyone still even delivers...?

This is a really cool subreddit idea, by the way.
(Request) mom and 2 yr old son looking for a bit of help. Can pay back! (Xpost from r/raop)
I had a few unexpected bills this past week and me and my 2 year old kiddo are running low on food. If anyone can help with a pizza i get paid thursday! Thanks very much :)

[Request] I'm very hungry, but I'm super burnt out from school and work and don't feel like cooking. (Allston, MA)

(REQUEST) Please.
Basically my car isnt running at the moment due to vandalism ive lost my job as a pizza delivery driver from that , girlfriend is out drinking with guys probably going to cheat on me tonight been stuck at home for the last week and there is no food going hungry and a random act of kindness would really boost my morale
[Request] Dublin, Ireland International Student(s) group study.
we are all studying aboard and like everyone else here we are having financial issues but nothing that serious. If you are feeling a bit generous today, go ahead and make our day :)

Info: 5 students, 3 Spanish, 1 Canadian and one arabic.
Also you can always order stuff online if you dont feel like calling, 

Thanks. ^_^ 
[Request] Austin, Texas - last two nights on the street after more than a month of living in the car. 
After the past month, maybe its time to finally check this place out.

The great news is I've been at my job now for 3 weeks and pay day is Friday - I'm getting a room! 

Bad news is, I haven't been eating very well at all - for the most part, I've provided for myself, but this week has been lean. Anyone want to help me celebrate my soon to be obtained freedom from this private hell with some delicious delectable discs of cheese, tomato sauce &amp; toppings? 

I'm not expecting anything, won't mind if it goes either way, but I know that I'll be paying it forward this weekend. Also, since I don't have an address -  I wonder if this is even possible

Best wishes RAOP, you're probably the coolest community. 

edit **I would ask that this ticket be considered closed - Tarable, the sweetest person ever has made my night** pics coming soon. 
[Request] Hungry acting student looking to eat!  Kansas City, MO.
Hey friends!  I just moved to Kansas City three weeks ago and I was recently fired from my job, serving at a movie theatre, but I quickly got a job serving at a local restaurant.  Unfortunately, I have to wait a bit for my paycheck, and I've had -.87 cents in my account since last Saturday.  Just a small cheese pizza would be ridiculously appreciated. 
[request] Would someone help me out? I get paid Friday but until thenI only have change to my name. (North Jersey)
I work at an electronics store over here and I need something for lunch today and tomorrow. I have some change but I really don't feel like just eating cheez-its today haha. I plan on taking my lunch break at around 4 or 5pm. Then I would save the rest from today for lunch tomorrow and maybe Thursday. I promise to return the favor when I get paid this weekend to you or anyone else on here that needs some pizza in their lives :)
(request) college graphic designer...
This week has got to be the hardest week of October so far...and it's about a week before my birthday as well.  So far, it's started off extremely stressful: annotated bibliography due tomorrow (10/13/2011) for art history along with 500-600 words of a proposal + thesis + works of art; horrible critique in advanced drawing 2...the redo for two of our projects is due this Friday (10/14/2011); I have a psychology test on drugs that Friday as well...; I gotta put out three logos by Thursday of next week which I haven't done yet because of the above items.

I could go on about how crappy this week has started and can only say that I wish time would go faster to get to my birthday (October 21!!!).  Would someone be kind enough to send pizza for these long nights to come?
[REQUEST] Would love a pizza in NC
Been applying to jobs for the last two weeks with no luck yet. I would love a pizza to boost my spirits.
[request] Georgia, used the last of my change yesterday to buy subway and have had nothing today.
I am a broke ass college student (senior at Kennesaw State) and I won't be getting any money until the end of January. I'll probably be eating at the local shelter for the rest of the month. Would really just enjoy some good hot food tonight so that 2012 doesn't have to go out miserably in hunger. Thanks. Happy New Year! I hope 2013 brings great things to all you wonderful people.
(Request) Could anyone send my hungry boyfriend something? I feel weird asking...but I was told to ask here..:]
My boyfriend, Kyle, is a very sweet guy. He recently moved in with some relatives (so he could be closer to me!), but they are having financial troubles, and in consequence do not have any food in their fridge, or cabinets. They usually are gone, and he feels bad asking for money/food.  I am a poor college student, and barely am able to afford my living expenses. But right now he is looking for a job (very diligently), and hasn't found one yet. He tells me every night that its "okay" 'cause he's living closer to me now, or that "I could stand to lose a few pounds". But this just makes me sad.
He lives in Bellingham, Washington. If you are able/willing enough, post here/message me.
It would make his (and my) day...maybe our week?
If I can do anything in return, let me know.

[Request] South Floridian could use some 'Zza, been awake 36 hours on a body clock reset for work.
Pretty much what it says above, and I'm not picky about pizza in the least. Let me know if you're feeling generous :) Little bit more info, I'm curled up on a couch with my cat, watching Breaking bad, I'm on Series 4 EP 8. Not to mention an overdrawn bank account, get paid Friday. I promise to pay it forward either equal or greater Friday to a worthy redditer that posts on here, or pay it back at a later date.
[REQUEST] Struggling College Student In Need of Some Za
Hey everyone, I'm a college student who lives west of Pittsburgh, PA. It's been one of those weeks. I'm sure you have been there before. Today I had to make the unfortunate decision between paying bills and eating. Unfortunately, the bills prevailed. My anxiety shot through the roof today, and I had to leave class early because I was having a panic attack. I figure I could use a hug right now, but a pizza will more than suffice. I'm not expecting much of anything, even some words of kindness and encouragement would be much appreciated. There is some good news to all of this: I recently got hired full time as a programming analyst. Unfortunately I don't start until early next year, so I am stuck in this situation for a while. I will be more than glad to return the favor some day to anyone who decides to help.

Thanks!

edit:

I am actually a real person! [Look!](http://s0.i1.picplzthumbs.com/upload/img/98/c9/82/98c9826b27d5b5e8a2a8fb5b36a121755dbde805_wmeg_00001.jpg)
[Request] I'm hungry, my family left for a week, and in a few days I'm heading to the Adirondacks for a summer internship. 
No pizza in the wilderness. I'd love one before I left. I'm from CNY. 
[REQUEST] Hungry student, ten bucks to my name going to gas. I have a gig next week that I'll make sure to use to repay the favor! (Cincinnati, OH)
Title says it all. Just got out of class and I want nothing more than a pizza while doing homework and studying. I have ten bucks to my name which is going to have to go to gas in order for me to get to and from campus. I do have a gig (freelance video guy, here) next week that I'll more than happily use the cash from to pay it forward.
[Request] Florida - Would love a Sunday pizza dinner for my kids!
Things have been a bit tight around here lately. Our kids (4 and 5 year old boys) have been asking for pizza for weeks and we always have to say no since our food budget is only enough for groceries, no extras. Our oldest got the best color possible in school Friday (purple!) for the first time and we'd love to celebrate with pizza.

We're hoping for just one more lean month before we're out of the hole and are able to pay it forward.  Thanks for reading!
[REQUEST] Camp Pendleton, CA. Husband has 24 hour duty and I don't want to cook dinner for one.
Cooking dinner for one is a difficult task and since I'm alone I'd love to lay on the couch, watch netflix and have a pizza. Will pay it forward on the 15th (payday.)
[request] New to Boston - is there any awesome local pizza near Brighton center?
I just moved here from Boulder, CO (originally from St. Louis). I finished an internship in Boulder and my girlfriend is here in grad school, so I guess you could say I followed my heart. Anyway, I'm working on moving into my new place and could really use some pizza to help with the move-in.

Thanks!
[REQUEST] South Florida, Home alone and not feeling well
I've been dizzy and having migraines since yesterday. I'd love pizza so my dad has something to eat when he gets home.
[Request] Help me celebrate my new job!
Hey all, I found this subreddit the other day and I think it's both hilarious and awesome what goes on here, and I want to participate. 

After months of searching, I received a conditional offer of employment today! I'm very excited to start, but I still have some hoops to get through before I do (the conditions being a background check and drug test, both of which are all clean, so I'm not worried). 

Seeing as how I'm currently a broke college student, pizza is an awesome celebratory food, but I can't really afford it until I start the job. If someone would hook me up with a pizza now, then once I get my first paycheck I would gladly buy them a pizza, or I could pay it forward to someone else listing a request.

I'd also like to make this interesting. I request that the kind, obviously good looking person who does this for me get me their own personal favorite pizza. There are no pizzas I've tried that I don't like, so don't be afraid I won't enjoy it. I promise I will. Or just troll me with the craziest franken-pizza you can design. I think that would be fun too.

EDIT: I'm located in Central Florida
[Request] Pizza for my 2yr old's b-day? 
I'm in the US. Money is super tight and my soon to be 2 yr old keeps asking for pizza (peet-zee). Her b-day is tomorrow (9/27) and i'd really like to surprise her with some pizza. I can provide cell phone pics of my family (2 toddlers, 2 adults) eating the pizza afterward. :D

[Request] Austinite couple living on Ramen
Now, don't get me wrong, there's nothing wrong with Ramen. It's gotten me through some tough times, and it's getting me through them right now. My girlfriend gets off work in 15 minutes and then faces a 3 hour bus ride home from her call center (she has the most inconveniently scheduled layovers on her route...she has to sit at the transit station for an hour either way she does it). I just moved to the area to be with her because I love her, and haven't been able to find a job to help support us yet, which is unfortunate because her roommate just bailed on her. I did manage to secure a 200/mo food stamp benefit, which renews on the first of the month. But we couldn't manage to make it stretch the whole month our first time around, and we've been living off Ramen since the weekend. I'm sure we'll be able to properly ration ourselves next month, if we're more careful. And I have no problem living on ramen. I just want to do something nice for her since I feel like I'm sitting on my ass all day not contributing anything, looking for jobs on craigslist while she's away at work/stuck on the bus. She's been really upset about the money situation lately, and I just want her to be happy. Unfortunately, she is not as pleased with the Ramen diet as I am. I would give anything to be able to give her something better than this to come home to.

Sorry for that wall of text/sob story. I don't expect anything but I'm not doing anything right now but sitting on my ass waiting for her to get here, so posting this can't hurt.


[Request] Homeless as of Today. Job interview Monday.
Warning: Sob story. Sorry :-/

For starters, sorry for using a throwaway account, but my situation is beyond embarrassing. Posting on my main won't do any good, I don't have any friends, much less anyone that knows me and likes me enough to help out. I understand if you choose to not help because of this, but I can also do my best to provide any proof you'd like within reason.

To keep it short and sweet, I don't have a place to stay right now. I have 2 degrees, recently graduated, but I did something stupid during my first year of college, and have a misdemeanor on my record that I believe has been preventing me from obtaining employment. I have been trying to save up to get it expunged but recently lost the retail job I did have over some really silly shenanigans (boss with nothing better to do than fire people). I managed to land a job interview this week, and was just notified I made it to round 2 on Monday, for a really decently paying position.

I lived check to check, so as of today I'll be living out of my car for 2-4 weeks until a good friend of mine moves into town, who's going to let me stay with him. Food and money is scarce, no way to make ramen anymore, so it'll probably be the dollar menu for a while. I've got one tank of gas to last me. Could someone toss a papa john's gift card my way? They're all over town... I'd be eternally grateful! I can't post on /r/loans because I don't know when I'll be able to pay back, and no way of preparing food from /r/foodpantry, so I figured this is the only assistance subreddit that could really help, even if only a meal for the weekend. 

Well, that was not so short and sweet. Sorry... again &gt;_&lt;.

ps: If anyone knows of a way to make quick buck besides prostituting myself, please let me know. I'd be happy to do anything


[REQUEST]Working 13 hour graveyard at a hospital, forgot my dinner
I forgot my dinner at home and I'm working a 13 hour graveyard shift at a hospital, would love to be able to eat something so I'm not exhausted and starving :)
[request] hungry in washington state tonight!
hey again, tonight i'm super hungry! this week i've been living off of 12$ buying ramen and eating it twice a day, and frankly i feel kind of malnourished.
I've got to make it until sunday, and it would really help to have a pie!
:) !
[Request] Atlanta, Ga. A pizza would be terrific right now. Broken car and debit card frozen at the moment.

[Request] Recent Grad, Intern Photojournalist, and I've been eating a half meal of pasta a day for a week in WI
I think its gotten to the point where the lack of food is keeping me from sleeping soundly at night. I can't think of any other reason why I only slept 3 hours last night.

I get off work today probably around 3pm but the money just covers rent and gas and I have to drive an hour home. My alma mater is playing football at 7pm tonight and I'd just really enjoy a pizza and some breadsticks or soda from Dominos or something for dinner for once.

I actually feel terrible asking for a meal... I should have just foregone this... 
 [REQUEST] Free pizza for me and my girlfriend's 2 year anniversary.
Well, me and my girlfriend are celebrating our two years and I don't have any money whatsoever to pay for anything for her. I work at burger king but my paycheck goes straight to my savings account, for my little baby girl on the way. I would really appreciate if someone could send me a pizza, I know I'm new on here, but I found this site from wishuponahero. I recieved some clothes from there, but haven't asked for something of this sort. I just need this help just once.
[Request] Not a Sob Story
Just three Southern Illinois University Carbondale students who are hungry! :) I took my girlfriend to the casino and then Olive Garden yesterday for her 21st and turns out I need to brush up on my Basic Strategy. Have a buddy over who is feeling blue and wish to feed him, but dont want to take the hit to the bank account.  A couple of pizzas and a 2-liter should accomplish that! 

Thanks for reading!

*
[Request] A kind Redditor has sent me here, I really need some help - My food situation is pretty bad.
Details: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/hwx1t/i_have_084_500g_of_rice_4_cups_of_flour_50g_of/

That is all I have for the next 11 Days. 

Any help appreciated.

I am in New Zealand, unfortunately. In the Wellington area.
[Request] Netflix for a $10 gift card to domino's 
I have had Netflix for about 8 months now and ill put you on it for as long as i have it. I am 16,hungry right now with no cash im my pocket lol. I live in sorrento, Florida
[request] Idaho, USA - Down on my luck. Some pizza would make me feel a whole lot better.
LetsFytingLove is the best!
(REQUEST) Really could use a Pizza for self and family
Hello, New to site; Really could use a Pizza for self and family; currently unemployed. TORRANCE, California, USA
[REQUEST] Des Moines, Iowa. Pizza for Doctor Who marathon! 
My parents are out of town for the weekend and my 3 brothers and I are having a Doctor Who Marathon! We aren't in desperate need of food but we would love some pizza to eat while we watch The Doctor kick major ass! Thank you! 
[Request] Kansas City, MO - Family is broke, pizza would be nice tonight for dinner.
Thanks in advance to anybody willing to help us out.
[Request] Could really use a pizza today.
I recently lost my girlfriend of 4 years to another man, and got laid off in the same week.  I've been able to scrape by for a few weeks but I'm running out of money. I could just really use a pizza today but i cant afford it. 
[request] pittsburgh, pa, usa is celebrating a birthday. any plain pizza would do. 
i'm 35 today! i'm trying to celebrate, but i'm piss broke. 
(Request) My Stomach is Eating Itself
I never thought I would end up here, pleading my case for a pie on Reddit. But alas, I must succumb to the forces of hunger and humbly extend a request to the hearts behind the 'Alien'... Here I sit in my girlfriends apartment alone, as she is away visiting Montreal, without a dime to my name nor a can in any cupboard. I am broke until pay-day which is three days away, and I have been making due in the meantime. If anyone is kind enough to buy me a pizza, I would be certain to reciprocate and pay it forward once I get my pay cheque.
Edit: I am located in Toronto
(request) This is me !!!
This is me http://imgur.com/gallery/P8q3D 
I tried to come up with the money to go here: http://imgur.com/gallery/FgNwa
But if a fellow http://imgur.com/gallery/OdEpK (redditor) bought me something similar to this http://imgur.com/gallery/Kiiz1
then I would be very happy, and have a full tummy tonight. EDIT: this took a while for me to do, so have a heart!!!
[reddit!](http://reddit.com)
 
[Request] Low on funds in Kingsburg, CA
I just recently moved to the Kingsburg area near Fresno and am struggling to even pay for medications I need let alone food. A pizza would really bring my spirits up right now. 
[Request] Broke in college and summer break isn't treating me well...
Summer break has not been good to me this year. The jobs I've been hoping to recieve have slipped through my fingers and the few jobs I have been able to get have been low pay and barely covering the bills. I finally got a new job where I was making a little bit of extra money and decided to treat myself nice for the first time in months and buy a few cool things on Amazon, right after that my car breaks down. Im living on oatmeal, rice and ramen... I really think a nice pizza would warm my spirits. If anyone could help out, i'd really appreciate it! 
[Request] Girlfriend's birthday today and I'm broke.
Anyone wanna make me look like the best boyfriend ever?
She's vegetarian =/
[Request] At work, and forgot my lunch. A pizza would make this easier.
Just realized that in the hussle this morning I totally forgot my lunch on the counter. Anyone able to help out? I'll make sure to pay it forward on wednesday after my check clears the bank. 
[Request] Anchorage, AK, not warm enough to run outside yet
I've had a rough year, and am currently at a job where my boss criticizes me left and right because I'm not an aggressive enough salesperson, so I'm using all my resources to find other employment. I'm just a quiet person, and respect people too much to manipulate them into buying something. I know I hate it when it's done to me, so I couldn't do it to another person.

So I'm requesting a pizza to help relax and just unwind for the first time in this year. I absolutely intend to pizza it forward on payday.

Thank you.
[Request] College kid has to pay for an apartment...and they are expensive.
Hey guys, hoping that someone can help me out. I just got my last check of the summer and every dime of it just went to my first month's rent, leaving me with no money and nothing but ramen until I move in next week. Frankly, I don't want ramen anymore, so I'm asking you guys if I could get some help to start my last full weekend of the summer before school starts. I will **definitely** return the favor once I move in and find a job. You can hold me to it!
Oh, I live about 30 mins outside of Charlotte, NC.
[Request] - Pizza, first time seeing this.
Hello, I had a friend direct me to this when he couldn't help me with any cash. I'm basically awaiting on my financial aid that hasn't came in yet. My bank account has been in the red for 3 weeks now and I've been eating water with Bisquick pancake mix. I'm just trying to get by until middle of next week with my Aid will come in, though I can tell my unhealthy diet hasn't been the best. I don't know how this subreddit works but any pizza would make me so happy. I will gladly return the favor when my aid gets in. My parents or friends can't afford to get my back account black again so it's a shitty situation.

I'm from Grand Forks, ND btw!


request. a very hungry student who got scammed trying to help another desperate person
my name is andrew kim
im a undergrad student at ucsd (structural engineering major) and ive been out of funds for the past week. i live on camino raposa and earlier this week i was on my way to vons to buy some groceries when a random guy came up to me in his infiniti and asked desperately that he needed gas to go to irvine. first thing i thought was to help him out cause it reminded me of the saying "today you, tommorow me". So i decided to lend him money for gas because the person seemed to be dressed properly, had a decent car, and didnt seem to be a scammer to me. he took me to the nearest atm and i thought he would just ask for 40 dollars for a full tank when he said that he would appreciate around 160 dollars which he could pay back this upcoming saturday. i had 100 dollars in my debit card...so i gave him 80. 20 for myself to buy some needed groceries. He then left repeatedly thanking me for my generosity and said that if i called him this saturday he would repay me the amount as well as a gift certificate at a restaurant that he works at. Now it is sunday, i called him around 10 times on saturday and has not picked up. At this point i am guessing that he isnt going to be paying me back and now i have no money for any kind of food and am very hungry atm. i cooked rice and ate it by itself because i didnt have anything to cook but i am still starving. i would appreciate any kind of kindness reddit
Hungry and Car-less. [Request](Normal, IL)
This stinks... I'm a college student in Normal IL (Illinois State University), but I normally don't have much money for food. I'm living there for the summer because I have a job, but it's part time so almost all of it goes towards rent. Today was a bad day, especially because my friend bailed on driving me over to Sam's Club, and instead offered for wednesday. (my parents let me make grocery purchases up to 50 dollars every 2 weeks). I haven't gone for a month now. All I'm stuck with is frozen vegetables and milk. I'd love to get some decent food for now until wednesday. Pizzerias around here include papa johns, pizza hut and dominos (it's a college town, it has EVERY franchise available).
Request: Would love a pizza for my friend before he's deployed . . .
The title pretty much sums it up, but my friend's in town for a few days before he gets deployed to South Korea for a year. Tonight's the goodbye party for him and his girlfriend, who's moving to Pennsylvania for school. I'm from out of town and spent all my money on gas driving up to see them, and the party host spent all his money on the booze. Anyway, if anyone would be willing to support our army hero with a pizza, we would appreciate and pay it forward when we're able. :]

EDIT: Should probably mention that we're in the Coeur d'Alene, ID/Spokane, WA area.
[Request] Newly married military couple moving to a new command in a few days and running out of food. 
We are located in Pensacola, FL. Paid off a lot of bills, debt with the last pay check and also didn't want to have to move a bunch of food with us. We underestimated how long our food would last. We have some noodles and jello and non-perishables left but we'd love some pizza! 

We'll try to pay it forward once we get settled in our new home. Thanks! 
{Request} When GW meets RAOP... ;)
GW girls like pizza too...no sob story, just a desire to have some pizza and wings tonight in the Vegas area. :) Special thanks and pics for whomever can help. ;)
[Request] Fort Hood, Texas. Soldier looking for the warmth of a pizza tonight.
My name is SPC Collins. I am stationed at Fort Hood, Texas. Been here all of 2 months, and am already having money issues. (which I'll admit is purely my fault.. Except for Hertz Rental Car, the 1400$ they told me was coming out daily, then just yanked out of the account in one day, royally screwed me..) No I am not in dire need or starving, but I have had a pizza craving from heck the past 2-3 weeks. If it helps my birthday was the 8th, and no I did not get a pizza then. I also deploy in less then 2 months. Will return any help when possible, either directly to the contributer, or to the community.
[Request] Studying for finals and running low on money before Graduation and Christmas!
I would really appreciate any help that someone can offer. I am with two friends studying for our last nursing final, tomorrow morning. Graduation is so close and yet money seems to continue being a month to month struggle. Again, anything will be greatly appreciated!

P.S.
I told my friends about reddit and they had never heard of it. I showed them how it works and how entertaining it is. They love it, but they don't believe that random acts of pizza actually occur. I even showed them pictures, but they won't believe me. Anyone want to help me out with proving how awesome reddit really is too?



[Request] Colorado Springs, CO - Having a quarter life crisis, girlfriend is 600 miles away, I have a broken hand, and I'm unemployed. Seeing if someone is in the mood to give.
I can totally give proof of the broken hand! Was looking for a job when I broke my hand in October and haven't been able to work since. Currently have a plate in my hand, can't work, and medical bills are piling up. And to top it all off, I'm starving! Never tried this before and just seeing if someone cares to give a pie!
[Request] Pizza for my mom
Hey everyone.

My mom is a registered NICU nurse. She works graveyards, 12 hours a shift, 3 nights a week. She worked last night and is working tonight as well. She works incredibly hard for our family.

While she's been asleep today, I've been working on cleaning the house. I'll admit, I'm a bit slacking on this subject and it's usually done by mom. 

I figured, what would be better than waking up to a clean house? How about waking up to a clean house AND dinner?

Unfortunately, I don't have any money. I've been unemployed for 2 months now and must put all of what I have left into my credit card bills.
It's kind of uncomfortable asking others to feed you and your family, but I figured it wouldn't hurt. I promise everyone here that I plan on buying some pies for others, regardless of anyone helping today or not.

I appreciate you taking the time to read this. Lets make my moms day!

P.s. we live around Sacramento, CA.
[REQUEST] HUNGRY AND DONT GET PAID TILL FRIDAY
I am currently broke and working full-time, I am hungry and Dont get paid till Friday, If you could help i would appreciate it. I live in Springfield Mo. 
[Request][Milwaukee, WI] Officially out of money on my school food account. Could use a pizza to kick off this month of ramen!
I can repay you with lovely services. I could of course write you a silly poem, or perhaps create a poster or book cover for you, I could record myself singing a song - very poorly I might add (So that might not be the best option) I can call you on skype and read chapters upon chapters of Fifty Shades of Grey. (That's everyone's favourite, eh?)
Pizza request in Va beach
Just wanted some dinner. I'm in the navy and haven't gotten set up to eat at the galley. Pay day is Friday and I'm broke.
[Request] I've got a fever, and the only cure is pizza!
Sick in bed with what I think might be acute bronchitis (can't get in to see the doctor until tomorrow, so I don't really know). Whatever I have isn't the kind of thing that affects your appetite, because I am absolutely starving, and I really don't feel up to cooking actual food in the actual kitchen. I would just about die of happiness if I had a nice hot, comforting pizza and something cold and fizzy to drink right now, and if anybody is willing to hook me up, I will happily pay it forward as soon as I can! :)

ETA: I'm in Texas, USA, btw.
[Request]Pizza for my bad luck
Been donating plasma twice a week for extra cash. Couldn't donate on Tuesday because the nurse fucked up my left arm on Saturday, and I was told I would need BOTH arms available to donate. So they sent me home. I can't go back until the blood on the surface of my skin disperses. A pizza would really help out for Thursday and Friday, if someone would be kind enough. It's not much, but I could repay you with reddit gold upon my next donation.
[Request] Oklahoma, USA. Need pizza in me now. Will also give some to my adorable dog, Buster. Will take pics of me rubbing pizza sauce on my girlfriend and dog if that's what you're into. 
Here's a pic of Buster: http://i.imgur.com/jgnOY.jpg
[Request] Utah. 801. Think my friend stole my wallet.
Let me know if you want to make a new friend too.
[Request] forgot my lunch and wallet at home. Bellingham MA
Barely made it on time to work today, hit the off button on the alarm. So I can usually make it through the day without lunch if I had breakfast but I didn't get to munch on that either. 
[Request] California USA, Ramen for a week studying would love some pizza!


[Request] Broke until Friday, just want a pizza! (Costa Mesa, CA)
Hey y'all, I'm down to less than a dollar until Friday's check and noodles taste only so good after ten packages of them. Would someone be willing to ship me a basic pepperoni? I'm willing to trade pictures of me doing amusing things that don't involve any orifices and intend to return the gift of pizza in the future!
[request] CA, USA Would like a pizza to cheer depressed father up.
This is actually the long story short believe it or not, please excuse my terrible grammar its very late, and humans do not have an effective way of communicating how terrible a time my father and I are going through.

I was forced to move in with my father and his second wife, (then my stepmom) I had to withdraw from my college classes mid semester and quit my job. After living with my father who is schizophrenic bi-polar it became clear that he was extremely depressed by his living situation. He was being used by his wife for money, my father is the kind of person that when you ask something of him it is hard/next to impossible for him to say no. My father was paying rent, utilities, and iphones for 5 members of my stepmother's family. This literally used up 100% of my fathers money monthly. He would stay at home and do nothing but surf and web and read books, all the while my stepmother would use her disability money to buy shit we could not afford and routinely overspend and cause us to have overdraft fees that my father had no way to pay for, I've covered for her mistakes countless times, whenever she overspends she sells something of the family's to cover for her mistakes, the last thing she sold was the family kayak which was bought before they were married, all the while she still would use checks that were in her name to buy fancy furniture, and useless junk. To make matters worse, the stepmother has a son who SMOKES coke and w/e else he can get his hands on. This waste of life step brother of mine decided to get his GF pregnant who then popped out twins (they are religious and don't believe in abortion) The drug addict stepbrother is now a father of two kids when he cannot even support himself, he and his GF have been on welfare since the babies were born and neither have gotten a job or even tried to get their GEDs (yes they dropped out of high school) Now the stepmother spends most of her money on supporting the two kids and her fuck up son, she gives him cash to buy pot, cigs (which they smoke in a closed garage with the kids) I witnessed my stepbrother use his food stamps to buy only ice cream instead of getting real food for his kids and himself. At one point my father confided in me that he had considered suicide, this eneraged me and I decided I would do anything in my power to show my father that this leach of a stepmother cared nothing for him and was using him (he was in love with her and was in denial) I ended up getting evidence that my stepmother had pawned my father digital camera when she said that he had probably lost it. My father confronted her about it and she stood fast in her lie, my father then saw the light that this women was indeed using him and cared nothing for her. (in their 4 years of marriage they only had sex once and on their anniversary my father got her flowers, a card and wanted to take her to dinner but, she ended up going to see her fuck up son's kids instead.) The evidence of her using him continued to rise and rise for a few months until my father decided that he was going to tell her that he wanted a divorce. She ended up ripping out our internet and storming off to her mother's while texting my dad that she wanted the divorce too and that we were not to damage any of her property (oh the irony) or that she would make the divorce as hard as possible and take as much as she could. This was about a week ago and we have begun packing our stuff and preparing to move out, she has no intention of helping pay for the cancellation fees for the phones/net/tv ect. Together we have gotten enough money to pay for one more month so that we have time to move out and into my father's parent's house. Current between the two of us we have about 10$ until our next paychecks and have been eating at my father's parents. I have had to witness my father cry and think of ways to comfort him, he knows that this bitch doesn't really care for him and it is for the best that he gets the divorce but its all really overwhelming even for me, I can't imagine what it is like for a person with a disability such as his. I don't even know what to provide for proof but here is a hate email that my stepmother sent my father after he told her he wanted a divorce, its actually comic at some parts and really shows her true colors, some context though, I clean up after myself not my stepbrother and his two kids.

***YOU chose to allow your son to attack me and NEVER SAID HE WAS TO STOP!!!! A true husband protects his wife from everyone. Instead you sat there only saying I was to calm down. He is a spoiled brat because you never had him in your life. Where was he all those years until HE was going to be on the street. He disrespected your ex who you claim to care so much about. He has anger issues ANGER ISSUES. TEARING DOWN A DOOR God, what would he do to ME, someone he hates, if I didn't stand up to his lies. I fully intend to prove your precious camera, which, btw was purchased in your manic fit. We had all your fancy cameras as well as a perfectly good digital. Now, you make IT and that little devil separate us. I believe in Jesus Christ and AS FOR ME AND MY HOUSE, I WILL SERVE THE LORD. He believes in the internet..... PERIOD. I stopped feeling safe in my home when he attacked me the first time. He climbs on your lap makes me sick that you cannot see his making fun of you when he shakes your belly. He is a sick puppy. Everyone who has seen the ghostly boy says he is way strange the way he stays in his room all the time.

I told you the sex was what I got hurt doing. I never spoke up as to why, but when you dropped the dream of the surgery I knew you wanted to be diabetic and heavy all your life. I lost respect for you because even your family was encouraging you. For all I know anyway, maybe they weren't and you hid it from me. All I know is you don't ever want to go do anything and I am a very active person when I am having a good day from absence of pain. At least I see people when I go shopping and I recycle instead of buying expensive items we cannot pay for.

I have tried hard to keep a nice home for you and you have to be reminded to CLEAN CAT LITTER AND FEED. I can't do it all without feeling USED!

I raised my kids to help out...what happened to your Ryan, he is above lifting a finger. Does he even know how to clean his own (mostly his) bathroom. Cleaners are right on shelf and I have pretty towels that makes it nice and he chooses to disrespect and not use his towels instead. What disrespect.

I am not a happy person now or before I left there.

I hope you are happy that you allow your baby boy to separate us. YOU DID THIS.

My son WILL BE HELPING ME MOVE SO MAKE RYAN GO TO HIS MIKEY'S HOUSE WHEN WE ARE MOVING. My Son is angry for what unhappiness his Mother is under because of little boy Satan. Dustin told me two months ago that Ryan is pushing us to divorce. Pretty smart boy who adores his Mom. Dustin and Roy protect Me like you will not. ***

I have no idea if anyone will even read all this as it is 2 am and I did a horrible job of explaining our situation but if anyone would like clarification you can add me on skype rcroslin@live.com

[METAREQUEST] Anyone know of any Domino's coupon codes that are working in Canada?
Just tried the 50% off any handmade pan pizza one while making an online order and it says it's not valid here. Was really hoping to get a cheap pizza cause even though we can't really afford it at half price, I could swing it. We *definitely* can't afford it at full price though.

Edit: Clarified wording.
[Request] Hungry Redditor in Glasgow,UK would kill for a pizza tonight. I have £3.25 in my paypal I can give you towards it.
Hi,

I live in Glasgow, UK and I have no money to buy food until Monday. I am hungry. Could a kind Redditor please order me a pizza today from http://www.dominos.co.uk 

The pizza costs £11.49. I have about £3.25 in my paypal account I can send you. 

The pizza I would die to eat right now is:

Meatilicious
Pepperoni, ham, chicken breast strips, smoked bacon rashers, cumberland sausage

Looks like this: http://imgur.com/fFxxt

Small (6 slices), £11.49

Can anyone help?
[request]No money for food and hungry Iowa City, IA
I am a broke college student. I currently don't have enough money to buy any food. I have been eating very minimal since I can't afford to eat. Any help would be appreciated. 
[REQUEST] Just had surgery and the copy emptied my bank account (CT, USA)
College student, Just had out-patient surgery for moles that are being tested for carcinoma/melanoma. The Copay was more than I anticipated and have $16 in the bank left over (I can send verification of this, if requested). A Pizza would be great to help beat the pain that's starting to set in. 

PapaJohns is my go to pizza place

[Request]KC, single Mom hoping to make first day of summer fun!
Today is the first day of summer for my kids. Im recently unemployed so I dont have any extra cash for a fun meal right now. I would love to surprise them with some pizza for lunch or dinner. They are expecting Pb&amp;j and would be thrilled to have pizza instead. Thanks for reading!
[REQUEST] I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a Pizza today.
I'm close to out of food for this month and could use a pizza. My new job isn't going to pay till the end of the month. I am interested in either paying you back or paying it forward. Any amount is okay and appreciated. :)

Edit: living in Vancouver WA area.
[Request] I'm just hungry and broke...
I'm craving pizza right now, but no way to aquire.. I don't usually take handouts, let alone blatantly ask for them, but pizza...
[REQUEST] College student and it's my 20th birthday.
Two tests on Monday and my friends flaked on my birthday dinner and I'm broke as a joke. A pizza would make me feel a whole lot better (and fuller!)
[Request] Just moved to New York from NC three weeks ago, didn't make it on first payroll...
I get paid Thursday night, I'm down to a pack of Ramen. 

Not making first payroll sucks. 
[REQUEST] Jacksonville, FL. Went to the dentist, my face is sore, I don't feel like cooking. HBO (help a brother out.)
Pizza is soft enough I can eat it without it hurting too much.

So I went to the dentist, she said  "we're only going to work on one side so you can still chew on the other."  I said "Great, what side?" She said "The top."

<U+0CA0>_<U+0CA0>
[Request] Virginia USA, teen that needs dinner tonight, thanks!
I'm a high school student, both of parents hours have been cut so we are currently lacking in funds. To top off the bad luck, they are both sick today and couldn't go grocery shopping and they didnt have money to give me. This sounds to much like a sad story but honestly i dont know what im gonna eat today :\ On a good note, i passed a really hard test today so anything can help. I wasn't even able to eat lunch because my test extended into my lunch time... My school kinda sucks haha. Honestly, i would probably try paying you back if i could lol. But, thanks for reading everyone, i'm trying to keep my mood up through tough times. :)

UPDATE: Thanks to greasytshirt for saving my family's night today with a free dinner!
[request] 8 friends and I are riding out bikes across Iowa and camping every night. We love pizza!
We're riding on RAGBRAI (ragbrai.com, if you're curious (on mobile! Hard to format!)). 

We're sitting around talking about how cool it'd be to have some pizza. 1 pizza. 2 pizzas. 100 pizzas. Any pizza would be cool. 

We'll be camping in Perry, IA tomorrow and Des Moines, IA the day after that. 

We'll prove it. Internet is limited, but we can call/text easily. 

We'll take cool pictures of us eating this hypothetical pizza to help show our gratitude. 
[request] Part-Time Sam's Club Cashier in Webster, TX
Hey redditors, 

I saw the article on CNN.com about this place, and figured I'd give it a go. I know that as a new redditor I probably won't get anywhere right off, but I figured I'd give it a try as I'm tired (and nearly out of) of ramen.

Management at my work has cut all of the cashiers' hours down to 25hrs a week. As it is, I barely could afford to pay rent and utilities and get decent food before the cuts... and now, I'm living off of however much ramen I can buy with my paycheck and still keep my bank accounts open, which is not good since my car is still (hopefully) waiting for me to pay off its repair bills.

And to top it all off... I'm currently sleeping on an air mattress, as my regular one is infested with Bedbugs, courtesy of my apartment complex.

This year is not being kind to me so far &gt;.&lt;

For proof... an image of my pantry: http://img35.imageshack.us/img35/6219/photo0074e.jpg

To anyone who helps, a big thank you from the bottom of my heart.

--Christopher

*Christopher sets off to discover what Reddit is all about*
[Request] Baltimore City, Maryland - Unemployed for over 2 years, completely broke, very hungry for today. Please help Reddit!!!
I live in Baltimore, Maryland very close to a Papa Johns Pizza place. I've been unemployed for over 2 years, struggling to make ends meet. I am loaded with $10,000+ medical bills which I cannot pay because I don't have a job (been struggling trying to find a job, the job environment is pretty crappy here in Baltimore) and many have already been submitted to collections. I've fallen on pretty hard times and I'm hoping there's at least one Redditor on here who is generous enough to give me a Papa Johns eGift Card from here: http://www.papajohns.com/papacard/ so I can have something to eat for today.
[Request] Missouri Didn't bring lunch, no money, pizza would make me happy
Didn't bring my lunch today (not sure what I would've brought anyway) and currently overdrafted do to some issues splitting a checking account.

Would love to get a pizza, all that is nearby is a local store though and the only way I can tell that pizza could be purchased remotely is to send a $10/$25 gift card. I can't eat a whole pizza by any means so a $10 card would be enough for two slices and something to drink.

I get paid in 2 weeks and will be returning the RAOP favor for a needy soul then.

[Request] Paycheck is late, could use some help.
I'm from MS and I've been waiting since Monday for my paycheck to arrive at my work with no luck.  I could use a little something to hold me over.  Will gladly pay it forward when it arrives.  Thanks guys.  
[Request]Little Rock, AR. Almost there, but not yet...
After being unemployed since June, I finally started a new job three weeks ago. The job is great except for they didn't key in my time worked my first week. So I won't be paid for another two weeks. During my time of unemployment I began taking care of two of my siblings, which caused me to go through my savings faster than I would have. Now I'm at the end of the road and really have to make eveything last these next two weeks. 

I would really appreciate a pizza to help us a long and would be a nice surprise for them. I will definitely pay it back/foward as soon as I can. Thanks!
[REQUEST] Pizza.for dinner. Stuck in a hotel room tonight {KY}
Hey fellow redditors. Trying to not make a sob story but I'm stranded in a hotel room tonight with no way of knowing what's going to happen tomorrow. Could fealy use a dinner tonight as I am stranded and haven't eaten in about 4 days. If someoul could bless my with a pizza tonight id be so grateful. Thanks so much reddit guys and gals!
[Request] My cat and I are hungry for some za, please help!
[Pix](http://i.imgur.com/jnMyR.jpg) and I need foodz. She started munching on the paper shortly after this...

Edit: Located near Bonney Lake, WA
[Request] Gainesville, GA. Just finished last day of an unpaid internship and would love to celebrate/recover with some 'za!
I just finished my last day as an intern! I spent 3 months as a glorified slave with no income, and have been rewarded with a job offer at the company (part-time, but at least it's relevant to my degree). New job starts Monday but for now I'm still far beyond broke. I'd love to blow off some steam and celebrate the end of this hellish experience. Anybody who would help me out would instantly reach hero status in my mind.
(Request) The kids get out of school in 3 hours and there is nothing to eat! Can we get a Warm pizza waiting for them when they get off the bus? CALIFORNIA, USA (Sacramento)
Its raining and they would be stoked!
[REQUEST] Tampa, Fl, USA- Two college kids with unexpected bills
Well, my boyfriend and I have spent an inordinate amount of money this month on unexpected stuff. My laptop stopped working, and I had to spend the majority of my meager savings on a new one. Our hedgehog got sick and vet bills also took a good chunk of money from us. The only things we have left to eat are grits, eggs, and rice, and while it's enough to live on for now, I'm tired of eating it. Just one pizza would be great, I'm not picky about where it's from. Thanks to anyone who reads this.
[request] Will make hot beats for hot pizza.
As the title suggests, I will make a brand new instrumental track or remix  
right now, any genre, sample something, remix something, etc. for pizza.  
I'm pretty good at it. If you're disappointed, then no pizza for me.

I'm just broke, bored, hungry and on crutches.  

Edit: I'm in Northern California.
[request] Atlanta, Ga would like to feed son something other than ramen noodles.
Me and my boy (5 years of age) wouldn't mind eating something other than noodles today.

[Take a look at our fridge..](http://imgur.com/LGM7N)

Luckily before my unemployment ran out I got the bright idea to stock up on [noodles](http://imgur.com/5N5rA), and [such](http://imgur.com/Fn1ee).(There are 28 square packs left and 36 cups for those who are curious..)

I am in no way implying that we are without food to eat (coz' noodles count as food right?), just wondering if anyone out there wouldn't mind tossing a pie our way.


*
[REQUEST] Orlando, FL. College student hungry. :(
Hi all, I am a college student, ran out of food today. I don't get paid until tomorrow, so until then I'm just sitting around trying to conserve energy. Judging from my pantry, my roommates would enjoy a slice as well. :) I would love it if someone could feed me tonight, and so I can help feed my roommate as well. Thanks, everyone!

I also have a verification code, if that helps. Also, I honestly don't need much. I have very little money, enough to cover half a pizza. Anything would help.
[Request] Pennsylvania USA here, and I would LOVE to indulge in some cheesy goodness
Hello amazing do-gooders of Reddit!

I'm 26, and graduating with my B.S. in 31 days. I busted my ass off to get a special grant from the state this year so that I could afford to finish my final year of my undergraduate degree. Each semester this is $2500, and really it just helps me pay rent and utilities. (My mom passed away a year ago, and my father is currently squatting in house in the Appalachians somewhere. I literally have nowhere to go if I can't afford a place to live.)

Well, I am still waiting on the grant money for this semester. My case worker contacted me 10 days ago saying she had just caught something she missed, and I should expect the school to receive payment in "a few weeks"... And I'm still waiting.

Thankfully I just got a part time job working 12-10 sat &amp; sun. But my first paycheck is largely going to pay my recently increased Comcast bill and my cellphone, which I haven't had on since March 22. My birthday was on March 27, and I didn't get a single present or phone call because I can't pay my phone bill. I am behind on my rent. I've been surviving off of 1-2 packets of ramen a day for the past 3 weeks. 

I could really just use a hug... or an internet hug in the form of a pizza...

And fully plan on pizza-ing someone the second I can afford to. 
[Request] Florida, Could really use a pizza
Hey, I could really use a pizza.
[REQUEST] a little hungry (central FL)
Hi raop'ers, I'm a bit hungry and I just thought I'd try this out and see if I get lucky.
Thanks :)
[request] Chicago, IL not feeling all that great, would appreciate a pizza after a very long day
hey there, i would appreciate it if anybody could help me out with a pizza. i'm broke until payday and after a 15-hour workday i'm too worn out for cooking. love you reddit! 
[Request] Greater Vancouver area, BC, Canada Would love something with stuffed crust
I'm having a major craving for stuffed crust pizza. Haven't had it for 5 years. 

Edit: It's my first post here so let me know if I'm doing anything wrong.
[Request] Finally just got my college financial support accepted, absolutely skint for the next few days
Money will be coming in Saturday from an old pair of speakers I'm selling, until then its pasta for me. Would really appreciate a pizza to help me through this week as I've got so much work and I'm exhausted from my public services fitness training. I finally got my financial support from college verified but that only means free lunch at college which I couldn't get until tomorrow. I'm finally getting an interview on Friday for a job which is really good as I've been unemployed so long and maybe this is the crutch I need to get through these financial issues I've been having for so long. Who knows, maybe one day I'll be gifting the pizza! But until then, I'm stuck. Would try and repay the favour if I could in some way.
[REQUEST] Seattle, WA. I finally got a job after 3 months of unemployment! First paycheck on the 7th, broke and hungry! Help a guy out?
so i was recently hired at two different places over the last week, started one job at a sandwich shop last Monday and start at this awesome gourmet pizza place called Pagliacci here in Seattle next Wednesday and after three months of unemployment it couldn't come quickly enough. Wells Fargo literally closed my checking account because it was dormant for three months! Im a hardworking guy who will be working 9am to 12am doubles next week, the recent unemployment has just been a crappy setback for me! pretty difficult. I've been going to foodbanks and primarily dumpster diving to survive, I would absolutely love some pizza and could pay it forward in the future, maybe when my discount kicks in at the new job?
[Request] (U.S.) 38 weeks pregnant and broke. 
I'm 38 weeks pregnant and unexpectedly broke after a dr bill I wasn't expecting came up.  I've been living off peanut butter sandwiches the last couple of days and pizza sounds unbelievably good right now. I can provide proof in a pm to anyone who wants it. 
Request
Need a pizza me my husband and our 4 year old are hungry no money till pay day nor any food in the house please help opps forgot to put clintonville wisconsin
[Request] Northern Ireland Just found out I have to resit two of my exams from last year so this may be my final free weekend, please make it a good one.
So it turns out a Journalism course needs good grades in English, who knew!
[REQUEST] Living with a family with 4 kids, who's parents are too poor to have me mooch off of them
I'm living with my sister, and have been looking for a job. I've been giving guitar lessons so I can pay for whatever food I can buy on my own.

My sister and them barely get by, and there are some days when the kids have nothing to eat.

I've been buying ramen and large packages of mushroom soup and crackers. Mushroom soup has gone from my favourite food, to making me sick.

I live in Canada. Winnipeg, MB.

Got a lovely chicken, onion pizza, and a pepperoni and sausage pizza, with some cheese bread courtesy of **birdnoir**

Best meal I've had in awhile.
[Request] Going to be unemployed soon due to contract situations beyond my control. Also I have been really sick the past few days. Would love some pizza. &lt;3
Just sucks that i am going to be unemployed soon and have been applying like crazy without anyone offering a job. I also caught the flu the pass couple of days. Thanks for looking RAOP. 
request from indiana
we have just goting out of food for a few days and my wife has been in and  out of the er for asthma attacks and stuff to do with her heart we have no money for food because of that and we wont love to have a hot meal to feed 7 of us tonight first time to this site so forgive me if i do something wrong.
(Request) Broke and Hungry until tomorrow.
Me and my husband are college students at Texas Lutheran University. We don't get paid until tomorrow and are starving. We would pawn something however we have already pawned our engagement rings and have nothing else of value. Would be awesome if we could get a little bit of help
[Request] Pockets on E near Nashville, TN.
Long story short: six fish sticks and less than half a head of iceberg between the two of us (my brother and I) in the fridge until friday morning. Ends are being met, but food is at the bottom of the list. lil help? I can't say I can offer anything in return, other than mounds of appreciation...well no wait, if you can think of something i can do in return, ill try my best to fulfill. more than willing to pay it forward, but if you can think of something else i can do, let me know. thanks :)
[Request][Indiana] Been living on ramen and spaghetti for a couple weeks. Could really go for a pizza.
I missed two weeks of work earlier this month due to an episode of depresion, and now the bills are looming so money's tight. Been living off cups of ramen and bowls of pasta to cut down on food costs, but a pizza craving is hitting me hard today. I'd appreciate it, and pay it back (or forward!) when I get some money to myself.
[Request] Georgia Just really hungry and we have nothing good to eat.

[REQUEST] Dane looking an random act of pizza.
Rather hungry and also broke. I sure hope I am in luck.
I wish the very best for your requests, fellow hungry redditors! 
[Request] In a new city, broke, and hungry.
I just moved to Austin, Texas from a small town in west Texas to look for a job and try to make it in the big city. I'm sleeping on a friends floor and living out of a suitcase. I gave my friend most of the money I had to put towards utilities and bills since he's on disability and is barely scraping by himself. I've applied for food stamps and have an interview on Monday, but some pizza to help me through the weekend would be a godsend. I only have like $12 but I really need to save that for bus fair or toothpaste or something. Anyway, I guess this is a shot in the dark but I'm hungry and desperate so I'll try anything. Once I get on my feet I'll be more than happy to pass the favor on. Thanks for reading =]
[request] Just about to take my last final and it's not looking good.
I took an online calculus class (big mistake) followed by an online calculus 2 class (even huger mistake).  I'm taking the calc 2 final tonight and after getting A's on all of my assignments and studying for days, it's looking like it won't go good.  Pizza would really hit the spot. 

ALSO - If someone does end up buying the pizza, you can watch me eat it on skype.
REQUEST haven't eaten in a couple days, sure would like to.
i'm not really sure how to go about this, any advice welcome

[Request] [UK] Would love a pizza to help with long night shift
Currently on my last 12 hour night shift and finish at 08:00AM, I've forgotten my lunch and it will be a long night being hungry all night. I was hoping that a pizza would be able to soften the blow and fill a hole!
[REQUEST] Zion, IL USA. Stuck house-sitting for my brother in a town where i know no one and i ran out of money.
i have to watch my brothers 2 dogs and a lizard and they have plenty of food here but i havent eaten anything aside from popcorn and garlic bread the past 2 days and now im out of those. my brother didnt leave me much. i do get paid at the end of this week though. just sucks being alone. new to reddit and i can say as a person im a giver so when i can i will give back.
[REQUEST] About to walk over 2 miles in 95 degree weather to overdraft our bank account to buy more peanut butter, hot dogs and ramen.
Every day we eat peanut butter sandwiches, cheapest of the cheap hot dogs, ramen noodles or rice. We are currently about to walk (no car --long story of bad luck) over two miles in 95 degree weather to overdraft our $8 balance bank account in order to buy food for the week. I'm the last person who would ever ask for anything, and perhaps that is why we have lived in such rough shape for so long, but I figured I would give it a shot. Maybe it will delay another day and something will come along. Thanks in advance for helping us, or for any who considered..

UPDATE:
People are amazing. We have had some wonderful people offer us assistance. Thank you to those who have helped and those who have offered. We received a Random act of Dominos from the one and only flamingcow. We also will be receiving a grocery gift card soon from another wonderful person. Again, we're taken back by the generosity. We're not used to receiving such gifts. There are amazingly good people out there.

P.S. - I can only hope that we can be as generous to others once things have turned around for us.

MORE EDITS:
Wow people have been generous to us, we just got another gift of Pizza Hut today completely unexpected! Thank you very much! (I'm not sure if they want to be named publicly so I won't do so unless I have their permission). We can't wait to be good enough financially to be able to give the gift of pizza/food to others in need in the future!
[Request]Homestead, FL The Kids Want Pizza!
I'm a father of 2 kids, a 5 year old boy and a 7 year old girl.  Its summer break so im home with them during the day.  No cash until Friday and, though they wont complain if I give them another PBJ, I know they'd really dig some pizza! 
[REQUEST] First part of my thesis is due in the morning -Hudson Valley, NY 
Is there any chance someone could help me out with dinner tonight? I am a broke college kid working on a chunk of my thesis as well as two other assignments for midterm week from now until like...at least the next 8 hours. I would be forever grateful, thanks! 
[Request] First reddit post after over a year of lurking, really craving a pizza.
This subreddit is awesome! Going to think of a contest and pay it forward.

Thanks in advance redditors!
[REQUEST] Please Pizza for family of 5!
We are broke till thrusday and have nothing to fix at our house We would LOVE some pizza could somone PLEASE help WILL pif (Pay It Foward)  We live in NC we have no gas to pick it up so it will to be Delievered
[Request] My Spirit...Broken, My Body...Tired, and My Mind...Worn. But I Just Can't Give Up!
I don't know if anyone will read this, or if there's anyone who will care. But, I've gotten to a point where I can't do anything but ask for help. My family and I are in dire need, and I just don't know what to do anymore. I've been homeless before, and had to do without, but I'm struggling at my last wits to hold on this time.


I just can't let my children go through that, and by the grace of God, a blessing will come. You see, I've spent my last just so my kids could eat something; no cash, no savings, no credit, nothing. I've applied for food stamps, but it will be nearly a week before we receive them. So, in the meantime, I don't know what we're going to do. I don't have a car or any transportation, for that matter, so I can't get to a food bank or pantry. Believe me, I've thought about it, but I'm literally stranded. We have no family out here.


My husband is out of work due to injury, and I've been out of work due to my health. We have been trying to make it by doing work for people online, like building websites, writing articles, building backlinks, and so on. It's been tough, however, because for every legit job we get, it seems someone else tries to get over on us. For the sake of our children, though, we push on.


I don't want to go into all the details publicly, but it's really hard for us these days. We're barely scraping by. We're just a day or two away from homelessness (you can PM for more info), and what's worse is that we can't get any help. We've tried, and been turned away. It's sad. When you need help, I mean really need it, you can't get it.


For the past couple of days, we've only had enough food for the kids to eat, so we've gone without. As long as they have what they need, we will be okay. They are what matters most to us, and so, we sacrifice for them. We don't get much sleep for worrying and trying to make enough money just to get by. Between the stress and worry, I'm surprised that we can even hold a thought.


I cry sometimes, a lot actually, and I wonder, if our efforts are in vain. It seems like everything is working against us, no matter how hard we push forward, we just can't stay ahead. It's wearing me down, that's for sure, but I know that our breakthrough is coming. Somehow, and someway, we are going to make it.


It's just so tiring to try, and try, and try, and not get anywhere. And what I've told you here is not the half of it. If anyone can help, I will give you the info (verification) that you need of our situation.


I'm just hoping, that at least tonight, someone can help us out. Pizza isn't much, but it's something. And I'll be thankful for it. It will help us to get through another tough night, just a little easier.




---family of 7 from Irving, Texas (just after 8PM)


(had to repost to include -request- in the title, just following the rules)
[REQUEST] Los Angeles, USA - Just joined the military, and wanted to celebrate with the fiancee.
I just finalized my enlistment in the US Air Force, and I'd love to celebrate with my fiancee/soon-to-be-wife. Alas, my bank account is running on fumes. Would anyone care to help us out tonight?

I'm in eastern Los Angeles County; I have Pizza Hut, Dominos, and Papa Johns near me. I have a verification code, too!
[REQUEST] Broke and Hungry, surrey Canada.
I feel like shit to even have to ask. i've been out of a job for a while (too long) and we live off of a single disability cheque for 2 ppl (940 a month or so) most of the time we can make it work, this month due to some unforeseen expenses we're about a week short, We're not gonna starve because we've basically rationed what we have, but we couple prob stretch a single pizza into a couple days of meals. Figured worst case this post gets ignored so may as well try, thanks to all you wonderful people either way!
[Request] Missouri-Daughter is having her tonsils out in the morning, she would like a pizza as her last meal!
Never been pizza'd before or fulfilled requests, but I figured I would give this a shot. No big deal if this doesn't work, just thought it would be cool to say Reddit bought her a Pizza!
[REQUEST] Haven't ate since yesterday need a pizza
Hey all lost my job a little over 8 months ago, finally got a new one that I start the 4th of next month. My bank account is negative, and the only way I have survived is food stamps, which I get again this Friday. Anyone want to send me a Papa John's pizza (only chain that will deliver here) In STL City, you will help me eat until I get food on Friday!
[Request] About to turn 19 and and still without a job.please feed me.
im 18 and my birthday is on Thursday 8/25. there wont be a party for me this year.my parents tried to buy me a burger last year but i wouldn't let them but it because we were low on cash.i don't think im making sense anymore.im sorry.Have a wonderful day.
[REQUEST] Please tell me what I'm doing wrong
[Received]   Big THANKS to katzmcn

[REQUEST] London,Ontario,Canada. No money &amp; family is away for thanksgiving.
Feeling pretty lonely &amp; depressed. Friday was payday and had to use my whole cheque towards bills. Just want a warm pizza to make me feel better about not being with my family on Thanksgiving. I figured this would be worth a try. Im a decent guy that usually cares for others &amp; does good deeds. Hoping for some karma here while I go through a rough time. Thanks.
Tyler 
(Request) Pregnant with crazy cravings.
I heard about this website online and I hope that someone out there can help me. My husband and I haven't had alot of money coming in, he's been driving me all over hell and high water and of course gas is expensive. I'm 7 months in, to his credit, he has been pretty good about my cravings, even getting up at 3 AM to make a taco run (of course he ate more of them than I did). Today I have been craving a cheese pizza with a little barbecue sauce on the side like crazy. With my families budget, we just don't have enough to buy a pizza. And I hate to say it, but I'm in full bitch mode. Not just for me, but for his sake can anyone help us out? I know I've been giving him hell all day. I haven't seen him in a while, I think I scared him off the last time. I know he's in there wrapping pennies, but there's no way there's enough. I'm in Springfield, MA.
[request]. Lost my wallet and have no cash.. Starving.... Will pay the good deed forward..
While looking for a new apartment downtown I somehow lost my wallet.. I feel pathetic for asking because I'm far from a leech, but I'm hungry and out of luck on food.  I ddnt think I could feel so helpless without a banking card..

There are others out there that need pizza too.. But I will pay it forward if someone will make my night tonight... :/

Edit:  forgot to say I live in the northern KY area.  I will also share my REAL reedit username through pm after transaction goes through.. I'm just way embarrassed.
[request] Please reddit help me get some pizza in me. I am single,broke, good looking and have no $ to feed my body. I am in San Diego if you'd like share a hot pizza with me :)  
I am a legit redditor with a few jobs and a good set of morals and values. This last couple weeks have been very tough...all the money I made went to pay bills, rent, getting my driver's license back and the  state government took money from my account to repay for past due state taxes. I am very hungry and desperate please help. No family here in the US to help me and I feel bad asking friends for food money. Please help me and I will replay as soon as I get my money right. 
[Request] NY USA My life is a living hell. 
I'm posting from a throwaway. Let me give you a run through of my typical day: I wake up, take a shower/get dressed, and head to hell. I work in a call center in a little cubicle where my only joy is seeing the clock hit 7pm. I sit in a chair and get yelled at for 8 hours. Sometimes 16 hours, because my boss likes to tell me that his star agent has taken off and he needs me to cover their shift. This rockstar agent also likes to come in late and is related to the head manager so..why would I complain about him? Who would I complain to? He's a pain in my ass always asking me questions that he should know the answer to. 

My other co-workers are really good people and by good I mean aholes. One guy plays erotic games most of his shift on the company computer and no one seems to care. Another lady is a busy body Christian looking to convert everyone and anyone she can find. If she spent more time working versus running around telling everyone to have a blessed day, she'd get more accomplished. The other co-workers pretty much annoy the living shit out of me. They call me and ask for answers or blind transfer callers to me. 

I know I need out of this job and I complain way more than I should. I should be happy I have a job. I should be happy I can barely afford my bills. Right right? Wrong! I've been looking everywhere else for work, but not many places are hiring near me. I'm so depressed with everything. My only motivation to go into work is for the check.

I'm hoping someone who has worked in customer service hell knows my pain and would be willing to treat me to some cheesy noms tonight. I will **absolutely** pizza it forward on pay day. I'm willing to provide a copy of my paystub and will send you a message from my main account if needed. I am really a broken man and I have completely lost my faith in everyone. 

Thank you for reading and I'm sorry this was too long winded.
[REQUEST] Friend from New Zealand ran out of money.
My best college buddy Lives in New Zealand but has been sleeping on my sofa in Los Angeles for the last 2 months because he has run out of money.  We want to watch the football games this afternoon but I'm tired of paying for him!  I feel like I have a 30 year old child.  Anyone wanna send us some PIZZZZZAZ?!!?!  CAN HAZ?
(Request)Springfield, MO Needing Dinner for the night!
would be a great surprise for my son to have pizza tonight! 
[Request] Missouri USA I was robbed 
I have never been so scared in my life. My daughter and I were walking home from the park, when a man approached us. He asked me if I could spare some change. We were near the vending machines, so I assumed that was what he needed the change for. After handing him the change, he reaches into his back pocket and pulls out a gun. He took my purse, my watch, my wedding band, and my daughters ipod. I am shaking as I type this because I can't believe that something like this could happen in this community. I am the type of person that would give the shirt off my back to someone if they needed it. Now, I'm without cash, my cards have been cancelled and I literally have nothing. 

The police said someone else was robbed a few days ago and think it may be the same person. I filed a police report and I hope the find the SOB. Pardon me, but it's the truth. If the man was in desperate need for help, I would have been willing to help him. He not only took from me, but he also took from my child and I was powerless to stop it from happening. 

I hope someone can buy a pizza for my daughter and I tonight. I realize it's late, but we just don't have enough food in the house to wait until Monday when my banking situation will be resolved. I can provide a copy of the police report and any other verification information you may need. Please, I am begging for help. We are in St. Louis.
[request] New to town.
First and foremost this is a throwaway, with that being said I am willing to provide more verification then most people asking. (Pictures of me and the pizza, a phone number, etc)

I just moved back to this city, I have my mother coming to bring me food on tuesday and I did not eat yesterday. I do have a job and a place to live but that is really the extent of it, just looking for food. Yesterday I used my last few dollars to get a pizza special and some noodles, I really would prefer to not eat these noodles now.

I prey someone out there has a kind heart,
R'amen
[request] Saving Last of money on bus fare to get to work. 
In between paychecks. Would be awesome to eat Dinner, Lunch, or Breakfast once this week. If you're in the giving mood PM me or comment. DFW area. All and any help appreciated. I plan on returning the favor the second I get my paycheck and will post proof. 

Again Thanks all. I'd just like to say this subreddit is beyond awesome, and thank you to anyone and everyone who has been so kind.
[request] ft meade, md I am completly broke till payday friday and i have no idea what i am feeding my family tonight
it has been a very hard pay period for me and my family and dinner for tonight would be greatly appreciated. I will gladly pay it foward on friday if someone can take care f
of me today. thanks
[REQUEST] Haven't eaten in 2 days, please help?
Ok I am a college student and I live in a dorm but I don't have any money and I have been starving for 2 days already. The only way I'm not on the floor dying of hunger is because I have been drinking a LOT of water. I do have a job but most of that money goes towards paying for the school and the rest for food but I get payed next friday. I would really appreciate it if someone would buy me a pizza and when I do get payed then I will gladly return the favor. 
[Request] Hungry broke guy in MD
Hey Pizza people, I've just finished making sure that my neighborhood is ready for the upcoming hurricane, but in doing so, I had to spend my paycheck on supplies and such, so I'm looking for the kindness of one person to send a pizza and I'll be eternally grateful and I'll repay it back later. :)

Much thanks and here's hoping everything will work out!
I've noticed slot of requests lately and I just wanted to say that we need people to provide pizza too (which I will be doing soon for those looking at my history) so if you receive, you should give also. Maybe not today, but soon

[REQUEST] Austin, TX: Pizza makes everything better
Right around the new year, a friend and I both found ourselves unexpectedly and suddenly needing new places to live. Neither one of us was financially able to find a rental on no notice, so instead, we pooled our resources and moved into a seriously crappy hotel off the highway in a rotten part of town that had a weekly rate we could afford.

Fast forward 2 months and the hotel's being renovated by corporate and they've decided to boot everyone with one week's notice. We panic appropriately, pool our cash again, manage to just barely afford a room share that seems like it'll be awesome, but it leaves us flat broke (we have a cup full of pennies; that's it) till Monday. Weeks of ramen are doing us in, and a pizza... mmm... piiiiizza... would let us relax and maybe enjoy the evening instead of sniping at each other and feeling vaguely hungry. 

I'd be in a position to pay this forward on Monday--and would. Tonight is just all kinds of suckage.
[Request] In AZ; I'll repay you with a drawing!
My boyfriend (fellow redditor) and I don't have much beyond rice and peanut butter sandwiches (LIVING THE DREAM.) and won't get money for about a week. 

If you get us a pizza, I'll make you a drawing of whatever you like! I have a gallery here, you can choose whether it's worth much. http://auto-de-filet.deviantart.com/
[Request] Would love some cheesy cheer - please (Joliet, IL)
It's been a rough couple of weeks. Found out last week that the guy I've been seeing has a girlfriend. Then found out today that it's going to cost almost 200$ for a medical procedure I need for my stomach. I really could use a little bit of cheesy cheer.  As soon as I can pay it forward I will!
[Request] Poor, hungry medical students in Portland, Maine
My friends and I are poor medical students living out of dorms next to the hospital in Portland, Maine.  There's 3 of us here now, the other 3 are working their morning shift - 6:30AM to 5PM.  I think it would be awesome to surprise them with pizza when they come back. What do you think reddit?  Can we get them some pizza?
(request) New job but lack of food until payday.
Im from Louisiana and I've just currently obtained a part-time job after being laid off for months with no expected pay until 15 days.  Been trying for many weeks with social services to obtain SNAP assistance (food stamps) and after my initial interview I managed to contact the SS office.  I was told my case was accepted and my card was on it's way; it never reached my mailbox.  I'm on the phone every morning trying to get through to my caseworker to no avail. 

I've used up my borrowing resources to amend with bills and I'm running out of options until payday.  Any help would really be appreciated and certainly not forgotten.  I will return the favor to the user and/or the community; whichever preferred, and if not thanks for taking the time out to read this.  
[REQUEST] Pittsburgh, PA: Would like to do something for my boyfriend, but am flat broke for the next two weeks.
Hi, everyone. I'm in college right now and have absolutely no money, and will continue to be broke until I get paid in two weeks. This is my first time posting on RAOP. I'm requesting a pizza not for me, but for my boyfriend. He's absolutely wonderful to me, and right now he's going through a really hard time. His mom is sick. Really sick. And normally in this kind of situation I would make/buy some kind of food for him. Giving food in times of hardship is a kneejerk reaction for me, it's just what I do. But since I can't afford to get him anything at all, I figured I'd give this subreddit a shot. I have no idea what else to do. I'm out of my depth with this. I have no idea what he's going through, so I don't have any idea what to say to make him feel better. But maybe him not having to worry about dinner would help a little bit.

Anyway, thank you for reading this and for your consideration. Sorry I rambled a lot up there.

*
[Request]If anyone could help me out with a pizza, it would be awesome.
Hey, poor university student here...I have no food till friday until my paycheck comes in. If anyone could get me a pizza it would be much appreciated!
[REQUEST] between jobs, parents paying my rent - I do not wanna ask anything more from them like more money for food.
I wont see my first cheque for another month (I am low on funds in mye bank account) so my parents as nice as they are have footed my rent bill (1 month), I know i'll be running out of groceries soon. Pizza is my favorite food and It could easily push a few more days untill I need to start dipping into my near empty bank account for new groceries, which will def. be canned goods. 
[Request] ur help in a pizza being put in my life and in front of my homies is very needed and greatly appreciated 
Three years ago today i tried a meatlovers pizza, this may come across as weird but seeing as how i am a jew it makes sense, and the joy it brought to me was incredible. So incredible that i in fact that being a 19yr old jew saw no reason to continue in that religion bc i was held back from pizza that long and for what reason?? cause the greatest food on earth, BACON, was considered "unclean"??? Negative ghostrider the pattern is fulll. i need another pizza, soon or else bad things will happen to my friends. their life is in ur hands. Help a little old jewish guy and his broke friends out...get a NIGGA his pizza.   
[Request]That's Amore! (New Orleans)
You know the song, Dean Martin, "When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's Amore!"

Well RAOP, I come to you with a humble request.

My girlfriend took me out for Chinese the other night, after I insisted that I eat nothing, because of not being able to pay/pay her back, she ordered her meal, then what she knows I like because, well, she's awesome.

I would like to be able to share a pizza with her this week, to A. Demonstrate how amazing this subreddit is, and B. To respond, in kind, to her generous gift to me. 

I am not in dire need. This is a request that is desire-based. I have enough Rice and Ramen to last me for quite some time. So if there are other needs that supersede mine, no worries, I encourage you to use your discretion and give to those who, based on your own criteria, would appreciate it most. 

Other than that, I will pledge that for every dollar of pizza I receive via this subreddit, I will, within a month, pay it forward two-fold. So know that your gift of one pizza, will become a gift of two pizzas for others very soon. (As soon as I get a second job, to which I am actually leaving for an interview now.)
(REQUEST) Bank ripped off my last $50, could use a pick me up. (McDonough Georgia).
It's 10/30, posted this up yesterday, seems I'm pretty popular on here. Have not got any help yet and would still like a pizza if anyone willing to spare me some.

I'm not exactly a charity case (at least not yet) but I was planning on using that $50 for food, now it's going to a stinking overdraft fee instead. I work part time at a local church doing clean ups every Tuesday and Friday. It's not my main job but it helps out a whole lot. The problem is they pay me with these checks that are uncashable, they have to be deposited into an account. I have an ebanking account with Bank of America, every time I deposit a check I get charged a service fee at the end of the month. Well, guess what hit my bank last night? A couple service fees and an overdraft fee for good measure, just wonderful. So my account went from a positive few cents yesterday to negative $56 dollars today. Even when I put in my check I'll be overdrawn anyway, and if I can't come up with the difference they'll hit me for another $35 in a couple days.

They told me that overdraft protection would stop this kind of thing, but of coarse it doesn't do a thing against their fees so getting them removed isn't happening. I'm just glad I filled up my car the other night or I wouldn't have wheels next week. I get paid next Friday and thankfully my Mom is gonna send me some money in a couple days but I'm empty stomached between now and then. Would anybody mind tossing a pizza and some soda my way to tide me over? You'd earn a spot in my prayers tomorrow for sure. I'm just tired of life dumping on me, so if anyone would cut me a break I'd love you forever.
[REQUEST] THEY ARE FINALLY HERE!
Finally, Today after about 6 months, our foster children are here! We are so excited. We now have 4 children ( 3 foster and 1 Biological) After spending time with them, clothes shopping and etc, We are totally beat. Get this THEY HAVE NEVER had pizza! We'd like to treat the whole family for pizza, but from shopping , we're all monied out! Until our next paycheck. If anyone wants to share this moment with us, it would be awesome and we will TOTALLY return the favor as SOON as we can.! I see that people offer pictures. We will send some of our FOUR children ( it makes me so happy to say that) Enjoying that yummy pizza. We are located in Midwest City, Ok and have a papa johns right down the street.! Pepperoni is always a favorite. We have 4 kids, plus me and my husband! Like I said we will return the favor, we are just so happy for our blessings and shocked they have never had an american favorite :) 
My co-worker had to skip her wedding [REQUEST]
Hey Reddit,

So my co-worker has been engaged for a while and is moving out to Arizona so she and her fiance can be closer to her fiances daughter. Yesterday she, out of no-where, announces that she is going to get married THIS MORNING. No friends, no family...they just signed a paper at town hall and she even had to come into work after. 

My request? This girl is obsessed with Margarita Pizza and Pizza in general...she eats it everyday. She didn't come in with any today though. I'm guessing it's because she just got married with no party and miiiiiight be a little sad about it.

I don't know why they didn't have a ceremony as I'm afraid to bring it up.

Personally, I just started working here and haven't gotten my paycheck yet so I'm broke. Would anyone be able to order a large Margarita for this poor girl? 

This is my first post to this r/ so forgive me if I am breaking any rules. I can provide any verification you need but I want this to be a surprise for her!
[First Request] Glasgow, Ky Hungry and I'm broke till next week. Would love for a big pizza pie right now. My cynical girlfriend doesn't believe that anyone actually ever gives someone a free pizza. Help me prove her wrong RAOP!

[Request] please help out. would love a pizza. Been eating romen. 
Me and my boyfriend are completely out of money. We have have been eating Ramen for about a month straight now. its all we can afford due to he lost his job. please help out reddit. we will when we have extra money do this for someone else in need.  just please we are so hungry. 
[REQUEST] (Lexington, KY) Needs a pizza to warm my soul
Cliffs Notes to my current state of affairs: Squatting in a friends old apartment until the 17th (then onto legit homelessness), interviews almost every day but no job, I have no cash left and I am out of food, I feel terrible for posting this here and expect nothing to come of it, but I am seriously hungry and asking another of my friends for help is just an invitation to resentment in the future.

Is there anyone out there kind enough?
[Request] Thoroughly rained out. Throwing Caution to the wind
I feel absolutely horrible for asking here in light of the tragedy on the East Coast, but I am at my Wit's end. I've literally just had the tv classic "Well, it can't get any worse..." moment, and then literally within 5 minutes Storm clouds moved in and it started pouring down raining, and I am without shelter. 

I was planning on walking downtown to a 24 hour cafe and trying to sort things out there. My only friend in the world is out of town all weekend. A nearby inn is letting me sit in their lobby, for now. 

I was also going to stop by a store to grab a bite to eat (food stamps), but that's not possible anymore with this storm. I could really use a warm pick me up reddit. I'm cold, wet, and starving. 

I will be glad to answer any questions of how I got into this predicament or provide any proof about my situation if you want, don't want to take up space or time. 
[Request] Illinois USA Lost my debit card, kinda screwed until tomorrow.
I lost my debit card and the food in my apartment consists of a granola bar. If someone would send me a pizza so i could eat tonight that would be awesome!
[request] just finished all of my finals and aced most of my classes. Plus holding down a 40 hr. job at a hotel in DFW area. I could use pizza please:) 

[Request] It's my cake day and my team won. I'd love a pizza right now. San Antonio, Texas
My reddit cake day!
[Request] Milton Keynes, UK | Some pizza to take my mind off things
Recently I have been given the opportunity to move schools, where I would be away from the people who would 'use' me (bully doesn't sound a justified word somehow) however the catch is that I would know absolutely nobody there, I will be practicing for my A-levels later this year and I feel a lot of pressure on me by my family and peers.
So my favorite foods is Italian (Pasta, Gnocchi, Pizza ect.) and it would be of a great service if I could get some comfort food or even some advice to help me be calm, I really don't know whether this decision will be good for me or not. Please help!
[REQUEST] IOWA,USA Just found out my boyfriend has been sleeping with my best friend, a pizza would really help cheer me up right now

[request] Central IL Mom-to-Be
I'm currently 25 weeks pregnant, and between checks.  I've eaten dry Kix today, and nothing else.  I could really use some actual food.  Any help would be great.  We have a Papa Johns, Dominoes, and Pizza Hut in town.  Thank you so much!
[Request] Winston Salem, NC - Just got out of the Marines, moved to a new city, and broke until Friday.
I just moved to Winston-Salem from Jacksonville (NC) to start a new job, but I don't get my first paycheck until Friday. 

The process of moving has be financially tapped out (between my last rent payment in Jacksonville, and having to pay first month's rent and security deposit up here, all I have in the kitchen is a loaf of bread and PB &amp; J).

I have weighed the pro's and con's of sucking dick for a pepperoni pizza, but I thought I would try here first.
[REQUEST] Tired, broke single mother wishes for pizza this weekend. (Southeast Kansas)
Thank you so much, candreacchio, for coming through for us! It's late here, but I will order tomorrow and update with a pic!
[Request] Clarksville, Tennessee wants to celebrate with pizza!
My husband was recently reassigned to a new unit (he's a soldier) and he wasn't sure if he was going to be able to take time off for our already booked trip to Vegas. We just celebrated our 9yr. anniversary last week, and this was going to be our first vacation together. I know it's frivolous, but he just got word that his leave was approved and I was hoping to celebrate with some sort of dinner out. Our problem is that payday isn't until the first so we're broke. I know that's a really long story for a simple question, but there it is. 

Thanks in advance to anyone who takes the time to read this :)
[Request] Norristown, pa. Just got done working a double, no food and i don't get paid until friday. =/
I feel bad for asking, but this is probably the hardest point of my life so far. I just graduated high school, and i got kicked out right away. I've been living with my boyfriend but hes just as broke as i am. If anyone could help me out right now, i'd be highly grateful and will return the offer when possible. :)

btw, sorry for the sketchy account. I'm a lurker (never really felt the need to comment on stuff. =/)
[REQUEST] Texas| Company terminated hundred of contracts on Monday, barely slept all week and did not eat all day yesterday. Craving pizza.
Hello RAOP!  As the title says our company's contract was terminated on Monday leaving me without work.  I did not eat all day yesterday as I've been too busy.  I have never tried this before but I have a craving for some pizza and thought I would give it a shot.   Looking forward to paying it forward once I land another job.  That's part of the fun.  
Well, anyway, thanks for listening to my story.
request - lost my wallet and the $180 i had in it
so, yeah. im prayin someone finds it and gets a hold of me, til then, its just a waiting game i guess. im pretty pissed at myself. i have no cash whatsoever until thursday, i was supposed to go shopping tonight but that obviously isnt happening. we're basically out of food, my mother is bringin over some groceries tomorrow to hold us over for the week. can anyone help out for tonight? its for me and my 2 daughters. more than happy to take it as a loan and pay it back thursday. youd really be helping a ton. need verification/proof? ask away, many thanks
[Request] It's my birthday today, I haven't done much but go to work, and gosh darn it, I'd like a pizza. (Abq, NM, USA)
No sob story here, Just want to celebrate my birthday. I'm all alone and don't feel like cooking just for myself. :)
[Request] It is raining in Ohio and I am craving some pizza...
I get paid on Friday and don't have any more room for Pizza on my credit card.  I'm not in a terrible situation or starving or anything my puppy and I just want to get on the Pizza train here :).  Also... new to RAOP buttt I read the sidebar.
Request: pizza for dinner
Our family has been stuck eating sandwiches, cups of soup and cereal for the past three weeks since our car blew up and left us stranded in a hotel room. I would love to make my kids smile by having pizza delivered to them for dinner tonight. Can anyone help us?? We would greatly apprecaite it!! 
[REQUEST] I don't think I've ever been so broke! (CA)
Our landlord is trying to evict us. The electric company just stopped by to let us know we owe them money, too. We've been at the welfare office every day for the last week, trying to get things going. I will definetly pay it forward when I can.
[REQUEST] Close friend took me in, family hasn't had a meal in days. Would like to make something nice happen for them. Virginia, US
My parents alienated me last night and a good friend of mine and his family offered to put me up for a while. They've been eating nothing but rice and beans for days now and even offered to cook some for me last night when I arrived. It'd be amazing if a redditor could make our day with a random act of pizza for the kindness they've shown me. Thank you for reading!
[Request] Landed a job and can make rent! Celebration Pizza?
Just got a job and will have enough money to make rent! Huge relief, but the cupboards are empty. Anyone wanna hook me up with a congrats pizza? Abbotsford, BC would be sharing it with my S.O
[REQUEST]Toronto, Ontario Canada. Some broke dudes would love pizza 
hey guys, me and some friends, there is three of us total are all flat broke(all our money goes to rent and basic needs, we just all moved out and in together) but were totally out of food without access to even a grocery store to even try and rack some food, and due to a recent cold snap its been way to cold to panhandle. If anyone could order us a pizza we would be forever in debt.
[Request] Really hungry and there is no food in my house.
Hey there RAOP, I'm currently at home with my brother and we are really hungry. My mom has little to no money and won't be able to go food shopping for another 2 days. I was wondering if any of you would be kind enough to supply us with a pizza for tonight :] I've only lurked in here, so I don't really know if it's a crazy thing to request pizza hut. Thanks &lt;3

[request] Pizza to encourage gluttany in a skinny person.
found this site through a friends post on fb, got hungry and fascinated *being totaly broke* decided to eat microwaved taquito's untill i burst.  having failed that, was encouraged to post this request in IRC. &lt;3 to all!
request - one last call for me and my son please, verification provided
don't get my check until tuesday evening, a pizza or 2 plus the food we have left here should last til then when im able to get groceries. id ask my parents but i dont want them knowin im in this shitty situation. im goin back to school in the fall so hopefully that will open up more opportunities for us. if someone is fortunate enough to lend some help, id be ecstatic and my son, most importantly, would definitely be as well. message me for verification!!
[Request] Clearwater, Fl. Fired from my job last week. Don't have much in savings.
Lost my job and im a bit broke. I live paycheck to paycheck and will pickup my last check next Wednesday. That will get me enough food to last a month. Any help would be greatly appreciated. I will pay it forward once im back on my feet.

Thanks for reading!
[Request] LongTimeLurkers posted this in r/atheist.  Anyone want/able to right a pizza wrong?
I don't know much about random acts of pizza, so I'm not sure if it is okay to request pizza on behalf of a random redditor I don't know.  I'm really sorry if I'm doing it wrong, but I saw his comic and remembered you: http://i.imgur.com/DZb4a.png

(Let me know if I shouldn't have this up here, and I'll delete it.)
Edit: Oops.  That should be r/atheism in the title. I'm posting before 6 AM and not my sharpest.
 [REQUEST] I really would like a pizza. I live in El Dorado Hills  :) [Thanks]
I just have no money right now and am tired of eating pasta and refried beans :\ I will buy one when i get paid! this is my first time on here! :) i have a pizza guys around that will deliver....10 bucks for an x-large cheese!
[Request] NW Arkansas. Rough Patch
Been rough the last two weeks due to a mishap with my army pay. So Ive gotten down to the bare bones nothing on money till Friday. I know sounds all "Meh a begger" but I will 100% repay the kindness with a meal of your own friday. I believe in the firm policy of treating others fairly.
[Request] Become a pizza savior, a god among men
If a pizza were to show up at around 11pm at 606 Catherine St., Ann Arbor, MI 48104 a new 4th of july national hero would be born! You'd make independence day for 3 friends that much more awesome!

edit: reward - an imgur album of the us 3 enjoying the pizza, and doing whatever the hero desires or anonymously writes on the box via special instructions, as well as some awesome real life karma
[Request] Broke and unemployed. I'll send you a 
zombie story I wrote if you offer me pizza. 
(Baltimore City)
edit: You guys rock. Thanks to Jesst for pizza and InfiniteInsight for kind words and company. 
[REQUEST] NS, Canada -- new job, holding my wages for "probationary period." I'm totally broke, could *really* use a hot meal now.
I'm re-posting, as my post of three days ago wasn't replied to.

Following a longgg period of underemployment, I found full-time work at this call centre; pay's great, benefits are great, but they're holding my wages a MONTH (as they do all new hires), and I'm utterly broke.

A hot meal would be so, so nice today.

I've asked and received here once before, 1 - 2 months ago. Hoping to be in the spot to pay this forward soon. Thanks a lot, RAoP!

[Request, Canada] No sob story, would just love to celebrate with my husband tonight
My husband and I are expecting our first baby after struggling to conceive. Yesterday we had our first ultrasound and it went AMAZING! We heard the heartbeat and it was magical. 

Would just love to not have to cook supper for us and to celebrate a great day with a pizza since it's pouring rain here.
[Request] Girlfriend is throwing "Galentines" party, I recently lost my job, and I'm locked in my room because I'm being a SAP
I mean... it really doesn't get much worse.  Help! xD
[REQUEST] New York, USA I'd love to surprise my hard working wife with a pizza tonight!
I broke my leg a couple years ago and lost my job because of it.  I've, thus far, been unsuccessful in my search for employment.  Workers comp ran out in Februaury, and it's been very tight these last few months.  My wife works really hard as a teacher for troubled kids.  She loves pizza, but we just can't afford it right now, so does anyone want to help me treat a very special woman?
[Request] Just a bit hungry, no real reason other than that!
I'm in San Ramon, California! 

(I'm also vegetarian so a regular cheese pizza would be ok!)
[REQUEST] State College, PA - Hungry, poor college student wanting a pie.
Hey everyone,

I'm a student here at PSU and I'm going through a bit of a rough patch here financially. I haven't eaten anything but ramen and spaghettiOs for a while and I'd love to actually have a nice hot pizza. Please let me know if you could help me out tonight. I'd appreciate it greatly, thanks!
[Request] - student studying for exams getting really sick of sandwiches - Howick village, Auckland 
My NCEA level three exams kick off next week and I am currently on study leave studying my ass off for them. Unfortunately the only food to eat at the moment is Sandwiches and I am sick as hell of them. I have no money to go and buy my own so I was hoping you guys would help out as a little pick me up. 
[Request] Nice cool day here in San Diego, a hot slice of pizza sounds great!
Nothing really big going on for Me, just don't have the cash for any pizza right now and I'm craving it. I will pass along the favor when I can afford it. Thanks reddit!
[Request] A midget that hasn't eaten today and has no ride.
Anyone can help me out? I'm broke currently and I would get you reddit gold or pizza tommorrow with my tips.
[REQUEST] Pizza for an awkward teenage girl in VA!~
I'm hungry in Virginia! My stomach is makin' the rumblies that only a cheese pizza can satisfy. Hit me up! Plus I want to show my friends that if you tell the driver to draw a wizard on the box in the special instructions, he'll totally do it. I've got 0 dollars. &lt;3
http://imgur.com/KlUSB
[Request] 4 young males in a house of no food... please help (Townsville, Australia)
Two of my room mates are changing jobs and myself and my other room mate are on fortnightly pay and don't get paid till next Tuesday. Could eat a mountain of food right now. Thanks guys
[Request] Maryland USA; Broke teenager left to watch the house for 3 days
All I have is ramen in the house, would love some pizza.

No one wants to hear a sob story, so just save me from the monotony of ramen.
[Request] Bronx, NY. Broke students, no meal plan, crusaders of justice. Please help

[REQUEST] Will do motion graphics in exchange for pizza.  Client decided not to pay me (Chicago - Chinatown).
Hey y'all.  I'm a video producer in Chicago and my biggest client yet decided he wanted to use the work I gave him and not pay for it.  I've spent ALL day today and yesterday looking for work just so I can put some food in my refrigerator.  Rent and utilities are covered, but I haven't had a "real" meal in over a week.  Dominos sounds so incredibly good right now for my belly and attitude towards the human race.  

Anyway, I am willing to make some motion graphics or logo designs.  I will work for my pie!  Peace.
[REQUEST] Wi-Graduating from college next week and want to celebrate with my buddy in a roundabout!
My chemist friend and I will soon be college graduates. We have had fun learning about atoms...but now we want some pizza in our bellies, in a roundabout picnic form. Willing to pay it forward in the future after we get big people jobs!
[Request] Ottawa Canada; Broke until Thursday, just finished my last bread slices today
I have 4 more days until payday, and I am back on my feet. I'm currently almost done what ever food I have left, which has been bread and peanut butter. I hate to ask this, but can anyone help me with pizza tonight? I am a huge believer in paying it forward, I would gladly do the same for anyone in my position. I just need some help these last few days.

-Thanks to whoever takes the time out and reads this. :) 
[request] hungry undergrad student in Riverside, CA
Hello,

I'm a college student at University of California Riverside that just went through all her funds paying off tuition which was due on March 15th. I work but do not get paid until the end of the month. I have proof that I'm a full time student and that I work if needed. Just need something to get by for now especially with finals happening. Thanks.
[REQUEST] Been living off of rice and beans, we would love a pizza today!
Not really a sob story, just that I am pregnant and could really use a pizza, maybe a soda, too. Will pay it forward next week. Please!
[REQUEST] Prepare to be aplomb with sob-story...
I have bad luck. Not just any bad luck, but the kind of bad luck that comes from a) either trying to be a good person and help people out or b) the kind of stupidity that can only result from people taking advantage of you. 

About three months ago, we opened our house to a 19-year-old girl who, along with her mother, made a verbal agreement to pay 1/3rd of the bills in exchange for living in the smaller bedroom. She was very excited and "needed" to move out of her mother's house. 

Unfortunately, this girl and her mother conned us for all we had. Being unemployed undergraduate students, we didn't have any money put aside for "extras" in the first place, and this girl failed to pay half of her rent for April, all of her rent for June, and all of her rent (plus a late fee!) for July, even after setting up a "payment plan" with apartment management with the expectation of paying it. She has since moved out, but not after stealing all of our food, some of our possessions, and most of our dignity. 

Apartment management refuses to accept that this girl still has a legal obligation for her portion of the rent as she has NOT been signed off the lease, and consequently, I have been forced to pay her rent for the last three months. She owes me nearly 700 dollars, and though I have taken her to the DA for the bad check she's written me, there is a high possibility that I will not be able to afford fees for small claims court to claim anything other than the 250 dollar check she wrote me, with intentional fraud. 

She still has two keys to our apartment, so we barricade the door every night because we're afraid she will come back and steal more of our food or belongings. 

Every word this girl has told us is a lie and she has robbed our home of happiness, trust, and most of all, security. We were very nearly evicted last month because of her lies (she waited until the 22nd to "pay" her rent and when I'd gone in the next morning to make sure she had, she had not. I was stuck paying it or being evicted.) And now, because of having to pay her rent for the last three months, I may end up evicted within the next few weeks because I do not have enough money to make it. 

My parents have offered to help as much as they can, but frankly, I'm 22 years old and I feel like a loser for living off of my parents when I've been somewhat independent for the last year.

My history is about as bleak: I was homeless over Christmas the last few years, I lived with my sister after that while taking out nearly 10,000 dollars in student loans just for living expenses. The idea that I will be paying off these last three years of my life for the next 50 is sickening to me. I have not been able to go grocery shopping in the last three months; our food reserves are down to nothing because of our roommate's dishonesty and stealing, and we really have no food left. Recently, I was in a vehicle accident that left me with a large gash in my hand and a damaged tendon, and over 1,000 dollars in ER bills which I am unable to pay.

I have applied for assistance and food stamps, but have been denied because I am a student, and my current job which I just picked up at Hometown Buffet (seriously probably the worst job I've ever had) will not consistently give me 20 hours a week, despite having promised me 40 hour weeks when they hired me. This week, I have been awarded six hours of undeniable hell, and yet I have tried to be the best employee I can be because, well, I consider myself lucky I even have a job. 

In August, I may be able to receive food stamps due to being a federal work-study recipient, but that is only if I can find a work-study job, which is very limited. I do not know that my income will continue to support my rent or bills, let alone my boyfriend (who is STILL unemployed, I've come to learn that our town/state both have DOUBLE the unemployment rates of most other towns/states.) and because I am not yet 24, my parents are expected to contribute 10,000 dollars yearly to my education and I may not even be able to attend college because they simply cannot give me that kind of money. As it is, the help they are offering me at the moment is limited and I feel guilty that they even think they can manage to support themselves and me. 

The financial aid and government assistance system simply does not take people like me into account. I try hard, I love fiercely, and I am responsible. I am not getting married to cheat the financial aid system. I am not getting pregnant in order to receive welfare or food stamps or WIC. I am two years away from a Bachelor's degree in a field where I will probably have to relocate thousands of miles away from my hometown simply to find work. I get great grades, I never miss work or a class, and yet... I can't do it on my own. 

Just recently, I've learned that I have diabetes because I have not been able to afford nutritious food or been able to eat more than once a day, causing my insulin production to skyrocket. I spend a large portion of my days, when not working, asleep because high blood sugar levels and hunger cause me to feel incredibly weak. I don't have medical insurance to help me through this at the moment, because the Medi-cal budget is being cut and my paperwork is still in the processing stage following my accident last month. 

It is the first of July, and I know someone who is diabetic should not be asking for pizza, but dammit, I'm hungry and my boyfriend's birthday was two days ago, and I haven't been able to give him anything. I don't know what I can offer in prove aside from pictures of my puppy-dog stare, empty pantry, and medical bills, but really, I just want a freakin' pizza and the inevitable food-coma that will come afterwards. 

With vegetables on it. I've learned, as a child you never want to eat your vegetables, as an adult who cant afford food, you miss them more than anything. 

By the way: this website gives me so much hope, I could burst. I spent hours yesterday and today reading posts before I even signed up for a name and got the balls to make one myself. &lt;3 

EDIT: I am going to school for graphic design, I don't know much about reddit yet but if you want a graphic made for you to display, I'd be happy to do it in a repayment of faith and support for RAOP members. :) 
[request] Plain cheese pizza (Blantyre, Malawi)
Hi I am in Blantyre Malawi (New Naperi) and would be grateful for a plain cheese pizza
[REQUEST] Pizza present for my GF for her B-Day today! [CALIFORNIA]
I love my girlfriend very much but unfortunately I have no money what so ever to buy her anything for her birthday today! She has been saying that she craved pizza for the last couple of days, as much as she might like my gift of music, it isn't a pizza...  I was hoping one of you kind redditors might be able to fulfill the pizza wish! I know that if fulfilled it would make my GF the happiest and I will post pictures of us eating it together :D
[Request] Bring the Random Acts Of Kindness back to RAOP!
I am new at this, but my friends have done this, and helped out many.
I now have a job to start repaying the favors to people in need, cause I do believe in the golden.

Heard the RAOP has kinda become disappointing over the time, with people not repaying the favor, or doing what people request, or even just thanking people.

I am here for help to turn that around if some of you could show me that there are still some kind hearted people out there and supply my bunk mates, and myself with some zas.

We just got the job building car washes, out of town, and don't get paid for the next two weeks.

Ramen noodles are just not cutting it for this work.

Help however you can, we would be grateful for anything!

[request] no money or food till Friday. California
Don't have anything to eat but peanut butter for the next three days. Will pay it forward when I can
[REQUEST] Rochester, MN - Pretty low on funds for the next week.
I'm broke until next week. I paid rent, car, and phone bills and have about $50 to get by on until Tuesday. First time asking, I don't really know what to expect. But thanks for reading.
Request: We are 2 roommates and we haven't eaten in 3 whole days. We're freakin out over here and a pizza would be awesome right  now. We would be so happy if someone bough us the gift card or something.

[Request] Canada, Abbotsford, BC
Hey, RAoP! Just hanging out with a friend before I leave for school in England! A free pizza would totally make the night!
*Request UK* On the offchance a pizza hero is willing to fill me up and cheer me up...
Last few days alone in my student house before i'm homeless. Would really appreciate a solid meal to cheer me up and give me the energy to carry on looking for jobs/somewhere to live. I'm sure there are people more worthy than I, but i feel i've exhausted everything else bar soup kitchens. I'm pretty new to all this,, but i'm sure i'll be back on my feet soon and will be happy to repay the favour to another worthy redditor.


[request] Broke Texas girl seeks pizza for hot times.
I don't get paid until Tuesday. I have $3.50 to my name and I need that to get gas to get to work Monday and Tuesday and I'm so hungry. When I get paid, I'll of course bring it back here and pay it forward.

Please help before my stomach eats my kidney!
[Request] was just diagnosed with high blood pressure at the age of 21 from eating ramen for a month, help me get some pizza instead!
I am a college student who ate way too much ramen last semester since it was all I could afford. Its all I have in the house right now, but I would really love some pizza. I live in richmond, va.
[Request] Friday football was last night and our team won. Niece, daughter, and i would love some (late) morning pizza!
Our local football team played a great game last night we absolutely enjoyed the game. My niece stayed the night last night and will be doing so again tonight. I would love to surprise them both with pizza. Small or medium would feed them both (they are 2 and 6) and make them and myself so happy. 
[Request] I will draw whatever you wish on my (39 weeks) pregnant wife's belly and send you a picture of it for some SWEET SAVORY PIZZA!
Hurry before this baby pops.  

Any drawing requests are subject to evaluation before approval.  I'm pretty disgusting and immature so it will be hard to suggest something that I would disapprove of.  

Warning: I am not a good artist but I will try my bestest.
Request ( Great Lakes IL ) Help!
My name is Victoria I reside in Great Lakes IL I currently have $1.19 in my account for me and my daughter until Tuesday morning, a counselor on base pointed me to this site, anything would definetly help me and my daughter. I definitely plan on paying it back to someone on Tuesday.
[Request] Super hungry and super broke :(
Hi there. My name is Naru, and quite frankly, I'm really, really hungry. I just lost my job last week, so I have no money. :( I would really appreciate a pizza, even just a small one. Thank you for your time.
[REQUEST] Unforeseen car problems = 1st RAOP request
Well I thought I had it all straightened out with student loans, rent, cable, electricity, phone, etc. but my car decided it didn't want to play ball and so I'm a bit short on cash for the next two weeks.  I'd truly appreciate a random act of delicious pizza.

P.S. first time on this subreddit and I'm blown away by the community.  No other site is quite like this.  I have Facebook "friends" who probably wouldn't buy me a slice of pizza and here you guys are, strangers buying each other whole pies. Incredible.

**EDIT:** I was hooked up by a non-RAOP source, but I appreciate what you guys do here.  
[REQUEST] Atlanta, GA would REALLY appreciate a pizza.
My boyfriend and I are on pretty tight times at the moment, and have basically been living off hot dogs and Ramen for a bit now. I personally would like to make the food I have last as long as possible, and I'd love to surprise him with something good, since he just found out his hours have been cut. Anything would be appreciated, but if you're feeling super nice, his favorite is Papa Johns!
[request] hungry in Alabama
I want a pizza.  My husband hates pizza.  We never eat pizza.  If you buy me one I won't give him any.  Short. Sweet. To the point.  
[Request] Just moved New York.. hungry student
 Moved to New York recently and the city really is as expensive as everyone says it is. I ran out of cash till Friday and kind of hungry. Just found out about this subreddit and I'd be eternally grateful for anything someone can throw my way. I promise to pay it forward when my payday comes along.
 Thank you 
[REQUEST] Pizza for out of work Designer, UK
Just thought I'd give this a shot. I'm a designer whos work has really dryed up recently, so I'm in the process of finding full time work. I live in the Newcastle area in the UK. Just after a treat for a boring night in on my own. I'm going to return the favour when I get work. Cheers
[Request] Austin TX USA. My mom's out of town and I don't feel like cooking for me and my brother.

[Request] NE Pennsylvania - Kid wants some pizza and I have NO pizza money, but could maybe fix up a picture for ya!
No long sob story here. My 6 year old is begging me for pizza and I don't have the money to get any. So, I thought I might could trade my PS skills for some zza. I can do touch-ups or color a pic for ya. My son and I would really appriciate it. You guys at RAOP rock either way. Much love!
[REQUEST] Just wanting a nice hot pizza! (pics of dog inside for no reason)
Hello,

I've been wanting a pizza for a while and I don't really have much money. This isn't really a sob story though because I can eat something else but I'd love a pizza if someone can gift it.

Here are some random pics of my dog for people cause he's cool and encouraged me to want pizza: http://imgur.com/a/Vudjt

Also this is in the GTA (Greater Toronto Area) in Ontario. Any questions about this request are welcome :D

Anyways thanks RAOP and have a good day!

(REQUEST) Rogers Park Chi, IL, USA So I i just found out my body craps out if i have gluten, can someone help me get a gluten-free pizza?
so i have celiac disease and i have just started eating non-gluten things this month. the bread is awful and awfully expensive, lots of other very dry and pricey things...anyway i havent had pizza in so long!....... i've started watching TMNT....
[Request] UK poor student bordering insanity with exams :(
Hey guys,
2 stressed out students need your help! Starting final exams tomorrow and the revision isn't going well! One of us is reading Ulysses all tonight and the other is trying to learn statutes and cases off! Very stressed out and panicked over these exams! Will be pulling an all-nighter for tomorrow so would appreciate a pizza to save us cooking time! We will return the favour once exams end and we can earn money again! 
Thanks :)
[Request] I'm a struggling entrepreneur who just got scammed out of $200 and could really use a pick-me-up. Me and my teammates would really appreciate it.
I love you guys.  This is one the coolest thing I have ever heard of.
[Request] lost 3 jobs in 3 days! Some pizza for the forever unemployed
On sunday, my boss called me saying that he just received a letter from the city stating that he does not have the right building permits to do deliveries (public bathroom, tables, etc). So I got laid off. He offered my job but it was during the times when I'm in school so I couldn't take it.

Afterwards I was glad I had another 2 other jobs to fall back on at school. The next day I went and talked to both teachers about the jobs, both hired me for another semester. The I go to the work study off and it turns out that wasn't the case. I had lost my work study job due to my school's budget being cut. 

At least school was paid off with some money leftover for me to live off of along with the money I saved up from working. I know it will be hard for me to find a job since I am in school full time. Some free pizza would at least put a smile on my face (and some of my unemployed friends' faces as well) after this, along with saving me some money.

If it helps, I have done the past 3 gift exchanges all with at least one rematch. Feel free to check that out. Maybe that will help my Karma for this one. http://redditgifts.com/profiles/view/Kaidenshiba/

location- St. Louis, MO, USA
Request ( Texas ) Not so good ending to a week
Im currently in the roofing business, work extremely slow this month. My 7yr old daughter comes in town tomorrow morning money is bad right now and I wanted to get her her fav food this weekend. Haven't seen her since spring break she lives with her mother in Florida, looking to put a smile on her face this weekend. Thank You
[request] Western Mass. Just spent all of my money into an apartment.
after couch surfing for months, going through job loss and rejections, bank trouble, college loans, unreliable friends, my girlfriend and I finally got enough money to pay for a lease on an apartment. I just spent the last 2 days both studying for the biggest final of my life and lugging furniture up three flights of stairs until two in the morning. I just took my exam and i nailed it thank god, however i don't have any money for lunch for the next week. i was hoping that someone would be kind enough to get one for me..this has been a 6 month struggle that has finally come together.
[Request] Things are looking up? - Missouri
I think, finally, my roommate and I have hit rock bottom right before things start to look up, which always seems to be how it goes, doesn't it?

We have less than five dollars in the house, I maxed my credit card ages ago, and I won't be getting paid until next friday and god knows when he will as he hasn't even started his new job yet. 

I'm so proud of how far we've come, starting the year more or less homeless to being able to afford a house and a dog until he lost his job. We managed to scrape together rent for this month, but I'd really rather not eat rice for the next seven days as that is literally all we have left in our cupboard aside from some baking essentials. Rice, waffles, and cake, diet of champions...

I would offer something in exchange but anything I can make costs more to ship than I will have for ages. If you want I can draw you something, I guess? Any help would be beyond appreciated and once he starts his job in a couple weeks, I will be sure to pay it forward!


[Request] Hungry, broke will draw anything on myself for a pizza.
Not exactly the most exciting offer ever but I'm really hungry and willing to embarrass myself with permanent marker drawings in exchange for a pizza.

I don't have any drawing skills but I will try my hungry heart out for you.
[REQUEST] Richmond Hill, Ontario Canada - Homeless Youth Centre would LOVE to receive RAOP for kids trying to get back on track
Pathways Home Base Youth Drop In Centre loves the idea of RAOP and would love to receive a generous gift of some pizza one night for our youth who come to the Centre.  We are helping at-risk and homeless youth regain control of their lives with supportive assistance, life skills, employment assistance and counselling.  Anyone willing to offer a pizza in our area - we would greatly appreciate it.  We are only open Mon - Fri until 8pm.  No sob stories, just want to give someone the opportunity to help us help youth.  I know they would love it.  We never get the chance to offer pizza so this is a great opporunity if someone wants to help out.
[REQUEST]Stuck at home all day today, no money, car or phone. Help a hungry bro out. SD CALIFORNIA
I'm having a one of those bad days. Spent all my money on rent and just had chicken broth for breakfast. A pizza would surely lift a down mans spirit. In return I'll hook you up with a discount at any Marriott!
[Request] SO's Birthday is today, and I goofed up the cake in Indiana.
In a moment of thoughtlessness, I completely neglected to add in the baking powder- that thing was as hard as a rock. Instead, I left it at home, and we drove to his friend's dorm about an hour away, and after a night of their LoL playing and my Redditing (pretty hard work, right?), we're starved. We'd really appreciate a pizza after a place opens up; I think the earliest is Papa Johns at 9 am. 

Also, I'll be repaying the offer in the first week of January when my university refund comes in. :D
[REQUEST] New try, unemployed, hannover, 
germany
Yep, i'm still unemployed, short on money and would be very happy about receiving a pizza today. It doesn't matter where you live as long as you own a credit card or paypal we can handle this. Thanks guys.
[Request] Dayton, OH, Have 3 boxes of spegetti to last until wednesday could use another Italian treat. 
Here's the deal. I have $-3.80 in my bank account (damn sallie mae) and all I have to eat until I go home for easter on Wednesday is three boxes of spegetti which I would like to make last. If someone would be awesome enough to get me a pizza I promise to return the favor (pizza of equal value). All I am looking for is a $5 pizza from my local 24 hour Domino's. 
[Request]Not the smartest man on the block
I'm going to be completely honest here about my stupidity. I went to the store today and spent my last bit of money buying some alcohol and didnt even think about the fact that I have no food. Now I am at home, and have no money and no food in my house.

A friend of mine told me about you guys, so I thought I would give it a try. Thank you in advanced for even reading this.

Cheers
[Request] I had more room when I was in jail!
I had to move back in with my parents, I share a room with my parents computer and have to wear a bandana as a blindfold so I can sleep since that light just HAS to be on. A full stomach of pizza would make me sleep better.
{request} so hungry right meow =^.^=
http://i42.tinypic.com/ngr32v.jpg

tell me that didnt make you laugh! 

this is so relevant right now hahaha 
i really want to order a pizza
pepperonis, green peppers, onions, ham, and extra cheese

all the toppings needed to make the pizza i am fantasizing about

omgggggg 

):

my heart will be yours, completely if you blessed me with some 'za &lt;3

[REQUEST] Illinois USA would love to hang with a pizza tonight!
Having a long day at work, and this week has been hell. My truck stopped working and raising money to get it fixed, rent is due on the 1st, so I'm at a bind. Pizza would be the greatest uplift right now.

Edit/Update: Exact(*ish*) Location: Carbondale, IL 62901.
[Request] Rochester, NY - 2 Broke College Kids
First time posting. We're just hangin' out takin' turns playin' Skyrim and could really use some pizza or wings! 
[request]texas - Broke until tomorrow, very hungry today.

[Request] Pizza for a guy down on his luck.
So lately Reddit, i've been lurking a lot. I've given pizza to Constructor who is a close personal friend whom I talk to often. I've always been a giver... Never one to ask for much of anything.

Lately its just been a series of downfalls for me. First to start, my girlfriend left me around october. Right after I got a new job, that was fun. Getting put into the mental ward at the hospital cuz I got so damn depressed that I was gonna kill myself.

The second to come was the reapearance of the scabies i've been trying to get rid of that my ex girlfriend had given to me. She caught them SOMEWHERE and i'm STILL not sure how she got them. The Medicine costs a fortune and i was lucky to get the first tube for pretty much free, but then I lost my insurance.

I've been trying and trying, day after day to make myself feel better - gifting people things like games on steam, pizza to close friends and helping other people like my coworker Ryan whom has a kid and a wife and always eats raman for his break because he's dirt broke all the time.

I don't know what it is, and I sit here, hungry myself, cold cuz I don't have heating in my house because I heat it with propane and I don't even have enough money for that.

On top of it all, today i'm sitting here in pain because on my way to work (which i'm missing today due to this) I got hit by a car. I ride a bike so... You can kinda imagine what thats like. My back rim is mangled, luckily the person who hit me bought me a new rim and got me a ride home, but fuck. I'm just like... STOP THIS NONSENSE!

So all i'm asking for is some pizza guys. Anyone, it don't matter, small pie, it's whatever.

I live in the New Jersey area in Mantua. Pats pizza is my favorite, but i'll go for pizza hut cuz I like most of their stuff too.


Thanks in advance for just reading. :)
[Request] I'd love a finals studying pick me up!
Broke college senior trying to get through finals week studying and would love a pizza pick me up. Broke right now and tired of eating ramen and old leftover chinese take out. 
[Request] I will gladly pay you Tuesday for a pizza today.
I'm poor geeky college girl. I don't currently have a job, my bank account is over drafted and I have three weeks until my next disbursement comes. If someone would be so kind as to spot me a pizza tonight I will buy that person two pizzas when my money comes in.

RECIEVED  Thanks to ashleythegreat!!!
[Request] Illinois, USA. Wisdom Teeth out, but feeling good enough to eat. Craving Pizza Hut!
Hi there! I don't have enough money to buy any pizza, and I'm really craving a pizza from Pizza Hut. Preferably pepperoni and cheese in the crust, but if you are nice enough to buy a pizza, it's really up to you.

Thanks in advance!
[Request] Syracuse, NY.broke college student dying for a slice of cheesy tastiness.
I am a college student doing my best to make it on my own, and have not had money to afford anything but ramen and toast for too long. i'm dying for a delicious pie.
[REQUEST] Hungry after a really long night.
Last night my friend had a date with a girl. Naturally he wasn't prepared, and I went to his house to clean it. Messy as all hell, had to vacuum and pick up a lot of trash. Had to buy drinks too since there weren't any and condoms. Long story short my friend doesn't close. Turns her down and wants to "Take it slow." 

Now I'm broke and hungry, just want a pizza or something, haven't eaten all day.

[REQUEST] Following my dreams. Chose my band over my job today.
Work wouldn't give me the day off so my band could play a show so I called out day of and was fired. Not the smartest decision but a pizza would make me feel much better about it
[REQUEST] Cincinnati, Ohio / Lost my job and apartment 3 weeks ago.
I've been living on my friends couch while I try to find work. I hate mooching, which is what I've been doing for most of the past month. Tonight, my friend and his girl will be out for a while and I would love to have a nice pizza waiting for them when they get back as a thank you for all they have done for me. Any help would be greatly appreciated.
[request] Been interviewing for the longest time and down to my last five dollars. I could really use a pizza to help me get through the next week so I can continue to drive to interviews.
I would appreciate this so much! I have no idea when an interview will work out and I definitely will pizza someone else in the future! 
[REQUEST] left my fridge open and all my food went bad in Farmville, Virginia
I'm a student doing summer classes in Farmville Virginia, I left for the weekend and forgot to shut my fridge all the way and everything went bad. A pizza would last me the rest of the week! :) 
(REQUEST) Teenage girl in Santa Monica, CA can't afford lunch.
Hi guys,
My name is Lani, I'm a teenage girl from LA. I currently go to summer school during the day but because of my families income, it's hard to pay for my school lunch everyday, leaving me hungry. I am fortunate to eat after school and sometimes before but other than that, I have no lunch. If anyone could provide a pizza for one day, I would truly be grateful. Thank you.
[Request] Oregon - Got dumped. Could use some comfort food.
Hi. I recently got dumped and am feeling really low, as is my wallet. Would love to have some comfort food to fill a bit of the hole I'm feeling. 
[Request] Hungry in Charlottesville VA, first time request, will return the favor when I get back on my feet.

[Request] Nothing is going right anymore...
My whole life is going wrong and there is nothing I can do to make it better. There is way too many bad things going on right now ad I can't stop it. Would someone be so kind as to raise my hopes up a little and gift me a pizza? I will gladly repay the favor when I get some money next week. Thank you for reading this and god bless you. I live in Katy, Texas
[REQUEST] Papa John's finally opened a location in my town and would really love a pepperoni pizza. 
Haven't had Papa John's in like two years after moving from Colorado to California. 
[request] Hamilton, Canada - Broke and craving
I've been out of work as I try and get some medical issues taken care of. Fighting with both my old employer and the government, jumping through hoops, etc. Can't complain for the most part, managing to just barely make rent in my basement bachelor apartment, etc. but no budget left for finer things in life like pizza. Been a long time since I had one, hoping to recapture the flavour. :)
[Request] Just got in an accident, roommates are gone.. i'm broke and unable to prepare food, could anyone help? Laie, HI

[Request] Broke college student in need of food.
Recently kicked out of my apartment that I was sharing with a friend, now staying at my parent's house but they are out of town for a while and have cleared out the house of any food until they get back. Would love some pizza to hold me over for a day or two! 

In Scottsdale, Arizona if that means anything.

Thanks, love you all &lt;3 
[Request] Stanford, CA Broke college kid with a hankering
Hey all! Pay Day is a few days away, and I've suddenly got a hankering for pizza. If anyone is willing to help I would be eternally greatful!
[REQUEST] 3 broke veterans.
2 Iraq vets (army) and one submariner navy goon here.

We're all pretty much broke until our GI Bill money starts kicking in at the end of the month.

The cupboard is bare, the bank accounts are dry until the navy guy gets paid next thursday. anyone willing to toss us a couple pies?


[Request] Boise, Idaho (USA) - Still trying to come up with rent between jobs, a pizza could feed me for days
I am currently between jobs, although I have one offer that is almost a done deal and I should begin working soon. I am struggling with my bills at the moment, although I'm seeking help from friends and family. My fridge is really bare, and any spare money I have is currently going toward paying my rent. "Luckily," I recently got a concussion and haven't had much of an appetite, so I can make what little food I get last longer. If anyone could help me eat for a few days, I would be incredibly grateful. I'll also pay it back as soon as I get back up on my feet, which hopefully won't be long. 

Thanks so much!
[REQUEST] In extreme pain, would like a pizza to take my mind off things :)
Hi everyone, I am dealing with some pretty severe back pain atm.  I'm not sure if its a pulled muscle or something like sciatica, all I know is its driving me crazy.  If someone would be kind enough to send a pizza my way in the Indianapolis area, it would do a lot to cheer me up and I'd love you for it, thank you.
[REQUEST] (South coast MA) Yesterday I had a promising job interview after 2 months of hunting, unfortunately I have like $3 in quarters to my name so I can't exactly celebrate/re-fuel for more job hunting.
I am 21 years old and a few months ago my boss unexpectedly cut my hours from 30 hours per week to 5 hours per week. I have been working 1 day per week for the past two months. That's about $200 per month, obviously this has been rough. During my job hunt, I swallowed my pride and got food stamps. This month I have somehow ran out early, and I pretty much only have condiments and cans of beans. I had a very promising job interview yesterday after submitting tons of applications and countless phone calls! I mean, it's retail.. but I am just excited to get myself on a path back to better things. I wanted to celebrate with myself and fill my tummy to prepare for more hunting (job hunting is tiring without a car) and what better to do that with but pizza! :)

I will provide any proof needed. I will also take a photo of the pizza if received. 

you would seriously be making my day (actually, a pizza could feed me for a few days)! And hopefully I got this job so I can offer pizza in the future! 
[Request] Nothing but eggs and beans here in Norcross GA
[Sob story](http://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/comments/1gob8a/evicted_from_the_house_out_of_hell/)

Our pantry is almost empty and we're kinda wigging out. A cheesy pepperoni would be fantastic (Bonus points for stuffed crust ;D)
[REQUEST] Fayetteville Arkansas, girlfriend and I dont get off work until late, wont have time to cook.
so I get off in an hour of posting this and still have a ton of things to do around the house, I have no idea when she will be home, but I would love to have something there for both of us to be able to eat. If anyone would like to help us out I would be grateful!
[Request] Home alone all day with no money. Can I have a pizza? (Georgia)
If someone could get my brother and I a pizza, that'd be awesome.
[request] pizza for family of six
my family and i have no food for tonight i was wondering if anyone would be willing to offer
[REQUEST] Finally got my appetite back after a very rough weekend, could really use some pizza [Oregon]
If you want the sob story, just ask, but at this point I don't need to burden you. But I finally feel a bit better and all I have for the rest of the week is cereal and rice, which I don't really mind because fried rice is quite excellent, but that's not the point. I'm could really use some pizza is all.
[Request] Broke in the land of Cheese (WI)
I'm currently unemployed trying to get another job, I have an interview on Monday. Out of money for Pizza luxuries and hungry :( - I don't have a cat..., but I could deliver a pic of some local wildlife? Squirrel? Crow?? Or perhaps a sweet new wallpaper for your desktop from my collection. Any help is much appreciated - Thanks for your time!
[Request] My fridge just broke
Came home to a broken fridge filled with curdling milk and molded cheese. The repairman came and said it would cost less to just buy a new fridge than to get the parts to fix it. I live in Missouri and don't really want to give my location, so giftcard...? Never posted here before! Also there is Imo's where I live.
[request] Writing a paper, sick of eating all this Sam's Club Tuna, can't afford more food 'til the 1st.
I'm writing a paper about Minorities in Imperial Germany, and all I've had in my apartment is cans of tuna. I swear to God this fish will be the death of me. 

In return I will answer any burning questions you might have about Poles, Danes, Sorbs, Alsace-Lorrainians, Jews, or Catholics in the years between 1871 and 1918 in the nation of Germany. 
[Request] Wicked hungover and craving pizza...
just short on funds until 9/19. Going to pay it forward then!
[Request] I have a job interview tomorrow, but I haven't eaten in three days D:
My suit's pressed, I've spent the last two days researching and memorizing everything I can about the place, I even googled tips for acing an interview. I'm really pumped and I think I'm ready to nail this... the only problem is that I haven't eaten in three days, and I haven't had a good meal for longer than that. My arms are shaking, I can hardly walk without my heart beating furiously, and I just noticed that my voice shakes as well. If I show up to an interview like this I' afraid they'll think I'm a crackhead (I'm pretty skinny). The last substantial thing I ate was a sample of a sandwich from Jimmy Johns, (I asked for three and gave the other two to the homeless people I'd passed a block before) that was on Wednesday.

I just need some sustenance, whether it be a pizza, sammich... shoo I'd be excited about a bag of breadsticks.

If anyone is gracious enough to help me out, I promise to return the favor and help people out on RAOP as soon as financially possible.

Thanks for your time!
[Request] Lookin for a job, broke and hungry
Craigslist and bike riding the past three days and im just hungry! Help me out please? Pics will be provided!
[request] Broke up with my girlfriend of three years with today.
Title pretty much says it all, I realized today that I was in a unhealthy relationship with my girlfriend so I decided that I had had enough. While I know it was the right thing to do it still hurts and I dont really feel like cooking or doing too much. Thanks for taking the time to read this.
[Request] Springfield, IL for birthday pizza- Sept 8th 
i am a single disabled woman who does not have much spending money. i would love a pizza for my 46th birthday! i like supreme or deluxe pizza, but any kind would be a welcome surprise! thank you :)
[Request] German very hungry student hoping for fooood
Well, you probably have read similar posts already. Still I have to try.

So situation is this:
I had sort of a big fight with my parents who up until a two month ago helped me financially out while I am studying for my bachelor degree.
Well coming this month the fees were due and while I sort of managed to pay them I now have a three digits debt on my account.
And this is the start of the month. 
I have good chances (okok... let's say medium chances) on getting a part time job beginning of November but this doesn't really help for now. 

I am though a hobbyist digital artist. This is my deviantart profile:
http://shadom86.deviantart.com/
While I can't promise anything, I might be able to make a picture for you. Providing you want me to.

Anyway? Anyone out there who feels very generous?


[REQUEST] Lafayette, IN: Going through a slow painful divorce and my father told me I am a irresponsible disappointment.
Going through a slow separation with my wife (been together for 8 years) and today dad decided to berate me about God and told me I was wasting my time at college and then finished by telling me I was a disappointment. Pizza would help a lot right now.
[REQUEST] Nothing to cry about.. Just a bit hungry tonight. Maine, US.
Just seeing if anyone feels like buying my uncle and I some pizza tonight! :)
Request for a pizza:  
Hello: I'm not going to try to make this a "SOB" Story lol but it's one long day until the 1st of the month, and the kids are sick and tired of hot dogs, mac and cheese and ramons noodles. We are very hungry for pizza.  It will hold us over soo much you can only imagine...  I'm praying that someone will really satisfy our tummies thanks so much for reading. This is the first time I've been on this site... Thank you...
[Request - Brooklyn, NY] Bank Overdraft fees just fucked me for the week.  Anyone want to help out a broke NYC lady?  Thanks!
I promise to repay the favor in the near future.  
[Request] I just graduated college yesterday!
Hey RAOPers!

Yesterday was my undergraduate graduation where I earned my BS in Chemical Engineering and I am looking to celebrate with some pizza goodness.  I'm still looking for a job but as soon as I find one I am planning on paying it forward and purchasing a piled high pizza for a person in need (alliteration intended).

Thanks so much!

(REQUEST) CALIFORNIA - Caught my girlfriend making out with one of my friends...now drinking alone, craving some pizza ):
Hey reddit, im basically feeling like crap right now. I have a history of falling for the wrong girls but this one really hurt. I took my girl  (soon to be ex I guess) to the movies and dropped her off since she said she had to be home early. After dropping her off I realized I had to go back and give her this small gift I had gotten her that I had forgotten about. That's when I found her getting in a car and when I got closer I saw her kissing some guy that wasn't really my friend but I did know him through mutual friends. I dont know what to do, im just gunna drink a bit (not an alcoholic or anything) but I need to relax, I wasnt really in love with her but I was getting there and im just bummed out, I actually spent all my money on the movies I took her to today, and now just starving, depressed, drinking and craving a damn pizza. That would be awesome, not really expecting a pizza but that would be awesome, just had to rant a bit sorry guys.  
[Request] just saved a stray cat
was walking to the store  and saw this beautiful cat  and i couldn't just leave it there .He look so hungry  so i took him  in .I named him Gabriel  i stood up all night trying to bathe him and  spend the last of money  i had to go out just for him i brought him food , scratching post and a bed and toys.  
ny,ny 
[Request] Dying from inoperable lung cancer, forced to sell drugs to survive and support family, would like pizza to throw on roof.
Times are really tough, I am a high-school chemistry teacher and dont know how much longer I will live. I just need to throw a pizza on my roof in frustration one more time before I die. Please help, also my son has a disability. Junior loves breakfast, but pizza will be fine. God bless. 
[request]Broke fellow,would really love some pizza to fill me for the rest of the day.
I'm In Toronto,On. Looking for pizza from pizza pizza.
Peace&amp;Love.
[Request] Ames, Iowa. I'm a college student here doing summer school, and I'm extremely hungry.
I have about $2.47 in my bank account because I just paid all my bills, rent, and other school expenses today. It's getting late here, but I have some more studying to do. Would love some pizza to keep my energy up. 

If anyone can help, that would be excellent. 
[Request] Bills were a little high this month, a pizza would be great!
Hoping to pay it forward when I get some extra cash. Pretty awesome sub even if I don't get pizza.
[REQUEST] Tired of eating all this cheap stuff. Can I get a pizza treat, guys? (CANADA)
I'm tired of eating canned stuff, bologna and cereal. Can I get a pizza guys? :) 
[request] (Kentucky) If somebody pizzas me tonight, I'll help another Redditor with a pie next Friday. 
You can hold me to it, and even check up next week to see if I follow through. If i don't keep my word.... well i guess nothing will happen, but I assure you I'd feel too guilty not to.
[Request] Textbooks drained the bank account, would love some pizza to ease the financial stress a bit for the night. 
I've never posted here before, but I'll gladly pay it forward when I get the chance. Most major pizza places are within delivery or driving distance from where I live. Thanks in advance if anyone is feeling generous :)
[Request] Sunnyvale, CA : Wife and I are dying to play FF14, but the update is taking forever. Didn't plan dinner and bored as hell.  Help us!
Hey RAoP! 
  We just downloaded the installation for Final Fantasy XIV and we didn't really plan on the process taking so long.  Time flew by, and now we're stuck here, hungry and unable to play the game! Wife is preggo and craving some pizza! Help us! =D  Thanks!!!
[Request] (USA) Thought I'd go about this a bit differently...
I wasn't sure if this was considered a contest or a request, but since I'm the one asking for a pizza I went with the latter.

Anywho, I'd like to have a little fun around here, and since I'm bored and hungry I'd figure why not? I am willing to do just about anything (within reason) for pizza. 

**Things I won't do**: Anything illegal, Porn, anything dangerous to myself or others (including eating gross stuff).

**Things I will do**: Draw you a picture, sing whatever you want and post it on soundcloud, make up a funny/scary story, etc.

Use your imagination, and let's have fun with this! Just make sure if you ask me to do something you're actually able to pay up the pie. Since I have nothing to do today I might open it up to everyone once I get a pizza offer. 


**EDIT**: This is still ongoing. I received one request but they never got back with me, so I'm still willing to continue this as long as there's interest out there.
hungry college student whose been on a lean diet because of budget, pizza always sounds nice :-) San luis Obispo, California [request]
:-) pizza sounds amazing
[Request] Arizona, USA, Finally got a job after 3 months of eating Top Ramen. Would like a Pizza to Celebrate!
Lost my Job three months ago. Since then I've bought nothing but pasta. I got told today that all I need to do is go down tomorrow to fill out paperwork to get setup, but today I have 3 dollars in my bank. Anyone wanna buy a pizza for a guy to celebrate with something other than water and beef top ramen since I won't be paid for another 3 weeks yet?
request
I hope this really works.. I NEED something to go right today!! I am hoping to get a pizza for my family tonight. I got sent home early from work, spent most of the rest of the day  in doctor offices with my daughter, who still does not feel good..nor do they know whats wrong with her. She could really use some cheering up. Thank you for taking the time to read this...
We are in Washington state.
[Request] Starving student struggling through summer semester finals (GA)
I've got finals for summer semester this week, and I'm spending everyday until Tuesday holed up in my room with my books. Pizza would be greatly appreciated. Help me make good grades! 

After my finals are over, I'll make you some kind of present to say thanks. I don't know what it'll be, but I do know it'll be awesome.
[request] International Space Station, tired of freeze dried food
just kidding, obviously not on the ISS.  But having been unemployed for a bit and using any extra money for bills I am a bit tired of ramen and rice.  It'd just be nice to have some pizza. But at the same time if there is another person who is having a tough time and needing pizza, give it to them.  Because I'll be alright, I have ramen :)
(Request) Just divorced, unemployed and needing to smile. Chattanooga TN.
Like the title says...my wife left me and I am unemployed. Life has not been kind to me lately. I was hoping reddit could help give me hope for humanity . Thanks guys...you're the best!
[Request] Woodbridge Virginia. A bite to eat would be amazing.
So... My roomates just left out to go food shopping. They both rely soley on food stamps for groceries. I'm out of work, they help me with food when they can. I am sure they will buy me something to eat (something I haven't had the luxury of doing as of yet today), but that won't be for some time... and I would really like to have something waiting for them to eat when they come back. I know it would make their day. I'm currently babysitting their kids who are getting a little ~~crazy~~ restless. I know food will be here eventually, so if you can give to someone who won't eat otherwise, please do. Barring that, it would really make my day and occupy the mouths of these rugrats lol.

[Request] Georgia USA
Hey RAOP community, my girlfriend and I just got back from a night of exercising, and we really worked up an appetite. I'd truly appreciate a steaming, saucy, cheesy, delicious, pizza to share with her. 
Thanks guys!
[REQUEST] - CAN HULK HAVE PIZZA!? HULK SO HUNGRY!
HULK LOVE PIZZA BUT HULK LOSE HIS WALLET WHILE HULKING OUT AT BAR LAST NIGHT. CAN ANYBODY HELP HULK
[Request] GUYS! It's RAID NIGHT!I'm broke and even if I wasn't, I'd be too glued to my computer this evening to actually feed myself.
[I've made a diagram for you-all of what I'd like to happen.](http://i.imgur.com/yKjmh.png)

I have no sad story to woo you all with, simply that I am raiding on Warcraft without pizza--which I'm pretty sure is right after the holocaust on the tragedy scale.
[Request] Long time lurker looking for some help.
So, to keep the sob story short, my paycheck has basically all gone to bills this past week and I won't be getting any money for another two weeks.  I have a box and a half of pasta and some sauce to last me until then, but a pizza would really help.  I know that since I just created a username today most people wouldn't be ready to offer their assistance and that's fine, I understand.  This is sort of a last resort for me anyway.

Verification code: S7bFblS62xYM
[request] late night, getting rocked by homework
I'm a sophomore female at the university of Illinois. I'm a double major in finance and computer science and have been studying in my office cubicle (because it's quiet here at night and the internet is really freaking fast) for a little over 15 hours now. Anyway, I was just taking a quick reddit break, and thought I'd try. I'm really hungry! 
[Request] Empty fridge, except for some milk. Help a guy out?
Katy, Texas. Wouldn't die of hunger, but it would be cool if one of you fine gentlemen/ladies could give me some pizza love! btw, new to the community.
[Requesting]ing pizza for the staff at my gaming lab.
I'm a student at the University of Arkansas.  There's a gaming lab here on campus called the Student Technology Center.  The staff there does more than just run the gaming lab, though.  They're responsible for tech support all over campus.  These guys work part time, nights and weekends, for minimum wage, and get tons of shit every day from a really thankless and entitled student body.  I wanted to order them some pizza to thank them for what they do, but I'm broke.  Was hoping maybe RAOP could help out.
[REQ] Help my roomate and I.

Me and my roomate are out of cash and food, I will get more cash next week but It would be amazing if one of you would send cash for a pizza.
(We live in Latvia so I don't know if you can send a pizza directly.)
[request] No sob story just want some greasy goodness

[REQUEST] Was burglarized yesterday - spent today in the waiting room of my local precinct, hoping/waiting to fill out a report. I'd really love a pizza. (CAPE BRETON ISLAND, CANADA)
Alright, I returned home yesterday -- after spending the previous few days with my boyfriend -- to discover my apartment had been... burglarized (not robbed but burglarized -- police helpfully explained distinction) of the following junk:

- PS3
- PS2
- assortment of games for both
- coffee table
- my crappy CRT TV

*Thankfully* I'd taken my laptop over to boyfriend's for some LAN partying.

I've never posted to RAoP before, and my account's (very) new, so I apologize for my lack of street cred -- though I've been lurking for months and months. =D

Anyway, reddit, a pizza for me would be like the Holy Grail at this point. I don't... exactly know how this works, but if anyone's willing to help and/or wants any further info, I'll happily happily oblige. Thank you! &lt;3
[Request] Stoned and pizza-less in Ashland Oregon
Hi my name is unimportant, i am 19 and from the internet. i am also high and find myself in need for a pizza but have no funds to go twards this pizza i think i might have 42 cents in my bank account i live in your freezer and watch you while you sleep. i could really use a random act of pizza. thank you redit. 
{Request} can't get to store til monday.
No car and I refuse to waste money on gas station food when we were supposed to go tonight. But surprise surprise my friend dicked out on me again. So monday is soonest I will be able to take bus to the giant. Nothing in house except flour, lemonade mix and rice for next 2 days.

Someone make my day?
[Request] UK (Scotland) I would love some pizza, I cant draw or sing for you, all I can do is be grateful
No particular sob story here, just had nothing to eat since yesterday afternoon, and I dont get paid till tomorrow night, dominoes &amp; papa johns are the ones in my area.

Thanks folks.
[REQUEST] Sick, hungry, and broke (Long Beach, CA)
I have a stuffed up nose and I'm cocooned in a blanket on the couch. I'm really hungry and really broke, I don't get paid till next Friday and help would be greatly appreciated. 
[Request] Struggling parent wanting a warm meal. 
Here is my story. I have a 3 year old kid, and due to some bad budgeting this month. I am out of food for the next few days. My son is or course more important than me, and so I've been scraping together what I have to feed him, but I haven't eaten more than a few chocolate covered nuts at work since sunday. 

Thought I would give this a try, hoping for the best. 
[Request] Maine, USA Having a tough night and would be super appreciative of a bro reddit user.
Alright, guys. I just got stood up by the same girl for the second night in a row. I have canceled my plans for the night so I could chill with her. She has decided both nights to not bail on me until it is too late in the night to make other plans. And to make it worse, my Netflix stopped working. I'd do anything (within reason) for someone willing to bro out for this.
[Request] Family is having fish for dinner... I cant eat fish. A pizza would be nice.
Fish is just awful all fish, lets just go with anything that lives in water and is edible. Can anyone help me out?
[REQUEST] I'm hungry friends. $0.11 balance left in PP. Need a pizza in India [REQUEST]
My bad have no money to order even a pizza.
[Request] Pregnant, hungry, and broke until tomorrow.
Last week I deposited my paycheck but for some reason Regions decided to not make the funds available for 3 days, so after using my debit card a few times, I'm now officially -$412 in the hole.  I get paid again tomorrow, and I do have 1 package of ramen left, but I'm 25 weeks pregnant and it's just not going to cut it for the whole day.  So, if anyone is feeling generous I would greatly appreciate a little help!
Edit - I realize since I'm using a throwaway this may seem suspicious, but I can provide proof to anyone who wants it.  Empty fridge, ultrasound pic, etc.
(Request) I would like a pizza!
...but I can't afford one. Not right now, anyway. It's a long story, but I'm transitioning between two jobs and it's cut back on my finances. 

But, to be clear, I am not broke or starving. I would just like a pizza, with the promise to pizza it forward in two or three weeks when I'm settled in at my new job. 
[Request] Relief from the college textbook scam.
Hi RAOP! This will be my first time requesting your service. I'm currently a senior up here at the University of Idaho, located in the unbelievably small town, Moscow, where the plains are rolling and the smell of cow ass is abundant.

Anyway, this is my second semester of living in an apartment and I'm still working on getting a budget together. Normally I do a fairly good job, but this semesters worth of books cost about double what I had originally planned for. Normally this wouldn't be too much of a problem, but in a town this small it's very hard to find a job. So I was hoping that a nice meal would be just the break I needed before I get back to struggling through the rest of the semester.

Thanks for listening and have a wonderful day. &lt;3
(request) Omaha USA I'm sick, I'm poor and its my birthday, i could go for some pizza
Hello, I am 24 years old, I am a full time worker, a full time college student, and i live all on my own, not easy to do but i manage. Its the end of finals I am broke, at home with pink eye, so i can't work today (not my choice) and i'm broke. I would really like some pizza. If any of you can help me i would be extremley grateful. Thank you.
[Request] Fredonia NY, broke, phoneless, carless, and pizzaless.
My summer job at a college orientation didn't pay me in time to pay most of my bills, and I'm actually still waiting to see that paycheck because when it finally got sent out it go sent to my grandparents' house two hours away. In the meantime, my roommates at my apartment are on a health kick and I haven't had red meat or anything greasy in weeks. Pizza would be a very, very welcome break from my circumstances right now!
[Request] Two poor roomies, Spent the last of our money on Christmas Gifts for the fam.
Tampa Bay Florida area, my roomie and I just hit up the mall and got gifts for our families. We tried to go to McDonalds on the way home and be Dollar Menunaires but my card was declined! Seems that even though we're working insane hours (retail slaves) for the holidays,  we underestimated our money &amp; now we're broke as a joke till payday with no food in the fridge. I've never posted here before but now seems like a great time to rely on the kindness of strangers. :]
[request] Craving a Pizza in IL
So my husband and i are so far into the red in our bank account its ridiculous from helping our friends who decided to visit and their card stopped working. Now its Monday after noon and I'm working on my novel craving a pizza. Anyone feel like helping? We'll pay it forward and confirm what ever you want from us.
[REQUEST] I'm off work tomorrow, and I'm broke. I'd really like a pizza, and I'll pizza it forward in the coming weeks.
I've never been pizza'd before, so someone will need to tell me how this works. I can get to any of the big 3, but I and my wife prefer the Hut.

In a couple weeks, I'll pizza someone else. Again, I've never done this so someone will need to tell me how to pizza someone else.

Whether I get a pizza or not,  I'll still likely pizza someone in the coming weeks.

Thanks guys!!
[Request at the behest of someone who's gf is stressed] GF is going through a tough time, I want to restore her faith in humanity (Bloomington IN)
My gf is going through a slew of pretty serious shit. Some of it could be considered extreme first world problems (got in trouble with the law for something anyone could get in trouble for), as well as dealing with more severe troubles (ailing family member). 

No she isn't homeless, poor, etc., but I thought I'd write this request anyway.  Today is a big day for her, one that determines the consequences of her immediate future. It would be nice if she could come home to a free pizza, and to the knowledge that a random stranger decided to do that for her. She's vegetarian btw.
[REQUEST] Florida. No food for 2 weeks. A pizza would hold me over for at least a few days.
I had heard it was coming down the pike, but my work cut my hours back because of the Affordable Care Act. I'm working 23 hours, part time per week. I get paid at the end of the week but I have some things I have to take care of, so I'll be hungry til next paycheck. Any help at all would get me through 3 or 4 days if I space it out. 

I literally haven't had a scrap of food since Sunday night. Also, I live just down the street from a Pizza Hut, so I can pick it up to avoid a delivery charge.

**EDIT** Begging
[REQUEST - ON, CANADA] Badly broke &amp; no food at the end of the month before payday because of an unexpected bill. Funny feeling.
.
[Request] Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and ramen are starting to taste awful
~~I've been lurking here for a while, but never had the need to request or the money to offer.~~

~~I'm scraping the bottom of my cupboards and it's only the 22nd. This month has been really tight and I've been eating nothing but peanut butter jelly sandwiches and ramen for the past week because that's all there is left. I just got hired into a fast food job, so I'll be able to pay it forward next month for sure.~~

~~I'm in the US.. anything more specific I'd be happy to tell you over PM!~~

[Request] Rochester NY. I'm hungry, I've been craving pizza.
I gotta say, I haven't had a pizza in a while, it just isn't in the budget. I'm starving and would &lt;3 you forever if you bought me and my gf a pie :)
[Request] Heading back to school today, meal plan doesn't work until tomorrow
 
[Request] Texas USA My step-brother's 10-year anniversary of beating aplastic anemia is today! Help us celebrate Reddit!

(Request) Hungry, broke, and all pizzastores near me are closed, shoarma shack is open though :3
I'm broke and hungry and im streaming movies for friends, the assholes wont even feed me :P will reddit?

on this site : https://www.thuisbezorgd.nl/en/checkout-order-chicken-house-shoarma

they got an english site, take paypal and creditcards
[Request] Louisville, KY. Going hungry so my daughter didn't have to.
I've had a very rough couple of months. Finally got me a another job and my job even loaned me cash to buy another car right after starting after the transmission went out in my other. With getting caught up on bills, paying back the loan as quick as I can, I have been doing pretty good money wise. After almost 1/2 my check goes to child support, my daughters mother called saying they didn't have food. She doesn't work or do anything to get money except live off my child support(shes perfectly fucking healthy by the way...). She is to prideful to get any assistance either. I kept $30 for gas in my bike and car(I don't work far and both get decent mileage) and went to the grocery so my daughter and her brother(8 years old, not mine) have food to eat. I can pay it forward when I get paid and will be glad to!
[request] cleveland UK, would love a pizza tonight!!!
i have recently been taken off government support due to a missed appointment. This was down to non receipt of payment (through no fault of my own) which then lead to me not being able to afford to make it to this appointment! I have re applied but this is going to take 3-4 weeks:( help me out please? thanks.
[request] Montreal, two students hungry
Hello RAOP!
As the title says we're two guys, just finished highschool, starting college in two weeks. We're from mid Europe, spending the end of our holidays in Canada, Montreal, staying in a 2-starred hotel.

Respecting the rules - no making up stories - I can't say we are completely cashless. But I sure can say we're running short with it, and we still need some for subway, and buses.

We'd appreciate just anything! Thank you very much guys.
[Request] Raleigh, NC. Broke college kid in need of dinner
Hey RAoP, I'm a student in Raleigh and unfortunately this month has been hard on my wallet. I spent a large chunk of my money on a gift for my girlfriend's birthday and I spent the whole day driving out to get it. On top of that, my university closed its dining hall early tonight because of the holiday so I'm running off of the small amount of snacks I have in my dorm. I would love for some warm food tonight if anyone is generous enough. 
[Request] Psychology student short on cash
I'm a psychology student that is very short on cash, due to an unexpected expense. My mother is on disability and she could not afford her prescriptions. I ended up paying for her prescriptions, which left me very short on cash. I can provide a receipt of the prescriptions for verification, as well as a copy of my bank statement. It was a tough decision to make, but I know I did the right thing. My mother has sacrificed so much in her life for me that I didn't hesitate when she asked me for help. 

I will not get paid again until Wednesday of this week, and one pizza can definitely help me make it until then. I have $2.00 left until pay day. I'm hoping that someone will be able to help me. Thank you. 
[Request] Could use a pizza to tide me over till payday
(Los Angeles)

Hey all, I'm running low on food and money until my payday next week and I could really use a pizza to help tide me over. July is tough for getting work but August is supposed to be better for me, I'd like to return the favor when I can. 
Closest Pizza place is a Dominos

Thanks
[REQUEST] FIRED, but still stuck at work!
Worked until 2 AM on Wednesday night. Came in Thursday and was given two-weeks notice. STILL WORKING at 9pm on Friday. I'll probably not get him until 10pm or so
[Request] Pizza for poor student in Dundee, Scotland?
Nothing in the fridge and a delicious pizza would be amazing right about now. No sob stories or anything, just an honest hankering for tasty pizza. Plus I'm playing Dark Souls and I need fuel to make it through Tomb of Giants ;)
[REQUEST] For a sick and stressed-out friend.
My friend Brittany could REALLY use some cheering up.  She's down at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL for the week because the hospitals and doctors here in Alabama have not been able to give her a clear diagnosis or course of treatment for what we can really only identify as a degenerative brain condition.  She's down there without her husband or any of her close friends right now, because none of us could afford to take time off work to be there with her - we pretty much all used up what vacation time we had on her last visit last month.

Understandably, she's very freaked out and upset at being down there by herself and having to face the possibility of neurosurgery this week alone.  I'd like to try and cheer her up, but we spent all my "able to spend this" money just to help GET her down there ($500 just from me, and more from her husband and my girlfriend to cover it all).  Given that stress doesn't help her condition, it bothers me that she's under such pressure alone and I can't help any more than this.

That's why I'm asking you guys.  Can we get her a pizza from a stranger to help restore some of her feeling that things will be okay?
[Request] Iowa, USA I could use some pizza for tonight.
I received a pizza from this sub-reddit about 8 months ago. Just wondering if anyone is willing to help again?
[Request] NC, USA. It's poker night and I forgot the snacks!
Am I FLUSH with luck to get a pizza STRAIGHT from a complete stranger? My gratitude would be ACE HIGH...okay that one was forced
[REQUEST] Hungry, in love, broke, tired, and there's no food in the house. Hazleton, PA
I don't have a steady job right now and I've been doing odd jobs to get by. I'm home alone for the next month by myself because my dad is traveling for company who hired him for a month of solid work which is awesome and my mom is away visiting her mom. I've been doing everything I can to make some money recently because I'm trying to visit my girlfriend who is down in Florida right now. I'm planning to go out and see her just after my birthday on the 27th and need to have as much as possible to be able to stay in a hotel (where she is staying you're not allowed to have guests overnight) and to eat and pay for the plane ticket back. So, I ask you Random Acts of Pizza, could you spare a few dollars for a pizza for an early birthday present?

Here is a photo of me and my refrigerator:
http://imgur.com/35cpf

Feel free to ask me anything and I will definitely take pictures to thank you for the pizza!

(Request) I love pizza in Virginia USA. And I wish I had a bacon, pepperoni, mushroom black olive with extra sauce and light cheese
Fail
[Request] Mate is having a hard time, looking to cheer him up.
My mate just broke up with his long time girlfriend so we are having a lads night to help him get over it.
[REQUEST] Ran out of all food and food stamps. Surprisingly not an ent despite living in Sacramento
Oh my gosh I am starving and all i can think about is food right now. I've run out of food stamps and I've had pretty much the worst birthday ever today. 

I haven't eaten anythingand the food closets don't have any distribution locations near any of my bus routes till the end of next week. 

Can sent pic of ID as verification, but really I could use any kind of help :-\
(Request) Really hungry in Massachusetts 
Hey reddit im really hungry and have no money left for food. this is my last resort for the day. if anyone is feeling generous it would be AMAZING.
[request] Kicked out by landlord and would love a pizza to cheer me up.
My apartment building has recently changed from rent based to condo. Sadly, I cant afford to keep the same place I've lived in for years. Which left me to squat for a while until I was kick out yesterday. Bummer :/
[REQUEST] Could use it.
I'm a poor guy. My family and I usually have enough food to go around for the week but this week it's been pretty bad. I know it seems kind of pitiful and rude to ask, but I'd just like a pizza for my family and I. Thank you very much for looking through this.
[Request] Philadelphia, PA &amp; her friend without moms on mother's day would like some food.
We're both broke. Her mom is out of town, my mom is someone I would rather not ever see again in life, all others are with their fams today. Any help would be greatly appreciated!
[REQUEST] Pretty hungry, but not starving to death..
Vermont

So I've never posted here, and I feel like I'm begging so I need to level and say that I do have food in the house. I just haven't had much of anything besides pasta and ground beef for a few weeks (the ground beef ran out a few days ago, so I'm kind of stuck with just pasta for the next few days, until I receive my check in the mail.)

Figured I'd test my luck and see if I can't switch it up and have some pizza this afternoon. If anyone might be up for the favor you can send me a pm.

I nominate... [request] UK
My bf. 

He finishes work at 9pm and I think he would be really chuffed if he came home to a RAoP (I think he deserves it). Just thinking about how happy his (rather attractive) face would be is making me smile lots and lots. 

He is in love with Reddit forevz and would likely reimburse you with a witty song or nice picture of something bad ass.

Thanks for reading, I hope you might like to help ;)
[Request]Indiana Good Old-Fashioned Pizza Lover Boy
I'm just a poor boy attending college and no luck finding a job at the moment.  Something other than ramen noodles would be much appreciated.
[REQUEST] Last few days in town with friends (Tallahassee, FL)
I will be moving out of town soon, and this is one of the last days that I'll be able to hang out with my amazing group of friends here in Tallahassee. We're all broke at the moment, and moving isn't cheap.
A pizza would be a great "last meal" for us.

I will repay someone in need when I can afford it.

Thanks for your time
[REQUEST] Sick as a dog in NY state, in need of carbs!
Sitting here at home with the flu and a fever and in desperate need of carbs to fuel myself. Been on the keto diet for a while and have none in my house whatsoever. :/ Payday was yesterday (Tuesday) but since I've been sick, I haven't been able to leave the house to pick up my check! Just got PizzaHut around here and I'm so hungry right now it all looks good to me lol.
[REQUEST] Minnesota music student... I've eaten about 2 "day-old" bagels from Brueggers in 3 days... starving...
Hey guys. I hate asking for things, but if someone feels like helping a fellow Minnesotan, or a fellow musician, or just wants to be kind to a new member me and my stomach would be infinitely grateful. It hurts to be so hungry.... ONE pizza would probably get me through a week. Been applying for jobs for over a month, still no calls... I've been wanting to go out and apply for some more today, but I'm just so tired and it's hard to even get off the couch without enough energy. Just learned about this site and I think it's a beautiful thing that's happening here. I will surely donate a pizza someday when I have the means. I live in Maplewood, MN... my address can be given if someone would like to get me something. :) Have a good day everyone.
[request] texas,sick,tired n broke with the kiddos.
Its a lazy and broke saturday and me and the kiddos have no vehicle,thats about as honest as I can get! Oh and Im tired n all the kids have a cough and my husband got to escape to work..meh
[Request] Some sort of meal in Cleveland Heights, becoming homeless on November 1 and starving today.
I must leave the house I'm at in a few days. I don't have a place to go from here and haven't had the money for an actual filling meal in a while. I'm nervous about what's going to happen, but I'm also just thinking about my stomach too. I don't think I can eat another bite of Ramen or dollar store mac and cheese today. If anyone could help me I appreciate it beyond imagination. I would also save someone else once I land on my feet. I believe in Karma and sending it forward. Thanks for reading my woes.

Robin
[REQUEST] Mommy and Son need a little help.
I'm a stay at home mom with my 2 year old son. I have a boyfriend that works 12 hours a week for basically nothing half the time. He's having a hard time keeping food on the table. I wouldn't ask if I really didn't need it. But I have warn the supply I had in my cabinets down to nothing. I just need a little help please. I will give you any proof you need. I will even pay it forward some how when I can. Thank you for reading.


[REQUEST] Broke college kid in NYC... didn't think it'd come to this.
Struggling with classes while on academic probation and being faced with a crazy rent hike where the other option is having to devote time to looking for a new place. I have around $6 to my name right now with no idea when I'll get more... could use a pizza to cheer up a bit. Not sure whether anyone will see this, but thanks in advance :)
(Request) Unemployed and would like a different dinner. 
[REQUEST] I heard about this from a food pantry I go to, and thought I would give it a try. I have no money to eat out and am tired of the usual pasta, canned veggies and other non-perishable items. I would like to donate pizza to those in need, but right now, I am in need. All I would like is a $15-$25 Pizza Hut e-gift card so I can have something different to eat for two nights. Once my job kicks in (which will be at least three weeks), I will be giving back as well. Thank You from Paducah, Kentucky.
[REQUEST] Hungry and sick of rice/peanut butter.
I get paid on friday but until then am poor. More than happy to pay it forward at that point, but could use some help right now. I'm located 1hr north of Seattle.
[Request] (Tucson, AZ) College student, pays for mom so she isn't homeless, would love something decent to eat.
Hey guys,

I work part time, go to school, and I support my disabled mom who would be homeless otherwise. I'm dead broke ($0.64 in my bank account, I think) till I get paid on tuesday and there is no food in my fridge/pantry (I bought mom a few days worth of groceries yesterday).

I'd love to have a pizza or two to get me through till tuesday when I get paid. I'll pay it forward in january when things should be looking up for both myself and my mom.

[Request] Broke husband and wife in need of help
My husband has been out of work due to an accident outside of his job. I just payed the rent for the upcoming month and I now have spent the last of my money for the next two weeks. I would love to suprise my husband with a pizza as our food has dwindled down to canned vegetables and bread. I will return the favor as soon as I am able. Thanks for your time.
(Request) Its my 18th birthday tomorrow.pizza?
My 18th birthday tomorrow. Not doing anything because all my friends have school but would like a pizza to eat while Im home chillin with my new kitten, Mrs.Nesbitt. :)
[Request] Lincoln, Nebraska
My buddy and I just moved into our apartment. Rent and deposit have left us broke until pay day next Friday (9 days, not 2 days). We have no food in the place. Any help would be wonderful and greatly appreciated.
[Request] I tore my meniscus, and have been out of work for a few weeks.
Hello there, RAOP.
Pittsburgh PA here.
As the title states, I have been out of work and been living off my food stamps.

I am not doing horrible, I promise you that, but I have the biggest hankering for a pizza.

I assure you, once my bills are in order again, I will pay it forward.

Thank you for your time, and consideration. 
[Request]Rochester NY, unemployed and coming down to my last few dollars.
its not like I havent been trying, I have. mid summer is just the worst time in the world to apply for jobs. well that and after christmas so ive been told. I sent my resume out to different workpaces and have heard back from a few of them, i'd just like to keep my money in case things dont work out and im forced to wait a little while longer.
[Request] College students on spring break, making duct tape wallets, looking for some noms.
First person to offer us a pizza gets a custom made duct tape wallet made by us! :)
[Request] Broke student trying to study on an empty stomach (Seattle, WA)

[Request] Just a run of good karma but bad luck. NC.
I'm just feeling really down right now, and a pizza would help loads. Long story short: I'm a graduate student making not so much a year. Last month, I picked up an abandoned dog in the middle of a parking lot. Wasn't financially prepared to get a dog, she just kind of wandered into my life. Ended up bringing her home, getting her spayed and up to date on shots. Turns out she's heartworm positive, but the love of my life right now. Between vet bills and paying my pet deposit ($400...ugh), I realized today I have $404 in my account to last me until the end of the month, and bills haven't been paid yet. I was sitting there thinking about what I have in my pantry and what kind of meals I can make without grocery shopping for the rest of the month so I can still provide for my dog as well. 

As I was coming home and turning into my neighborhood, a truck ran a stop sign and hit my car. I had to wait 45 minutes out in the sun waiting for the cops to get there/report to get written up. Come home, and to top everything off, my dog had peed on the carpet.

It's my birthday next week, but I'm stressed about finances, school, getting my dog up and healthy, and now on top of it, getting my damned car fixed. 

I've bought pizza before, and never thought I'd be on the asking end, but I can't think of anything right now that would make me feel just a little bit better. I will definitely be re-paying it back in the future. Just for now I'm in a bit of a bind. 

Willing to offer you any proof...I just need a reason to smile right now. 

[Request] Just Craving Pizza - Rochester, NY
Graduate Student, Stuck at school all day, classes at night, just hungry and want a pizza if one would be so kind.

Thanks.
[Request] Pizza Please? Broke until next Friday and misses the taste of pizza
I've has been going through a bit of a rough patch financially and my cupboards looking pretty empty. Used all of of my savings to pay for my school for next semester. Thankfully, I'm going to be starting a new job tomorrow, but it'll be a while until my first check comes around. I think a pizza would really make things look a little brighter around here and be an awesome change from my oatmeal diet! I'll definitely try to return the favor come paycheck time.
[REQUEST] Farmington, MO pizza would make my summer right now. 
I have zero groceries anywhere in my house and I've been craving pizza for a week now.
[REQUEST] Helped a cyclist out today in Southampton... did not go as planned.
So I'm financially a little shaky right now, as I don't start my new job until September and I just graduated. Anyway I was cycling around today and I was just setting off from the center of the city where I live when I spotted a Specialized bicycle with a flat tyre. Thinking of being the good samaritan, I decided to wait around and give this friend in need some much required assistance.  
  
Shortly along comes his girlfriend, who sees me pushing on the tire (to check the pressure). She isn't aggressive or suchlike but she does go and get her boyfriend, who upon realisation of my motive is thankful for the assist. This is where it gets interesting - turns out this guy's "friend" had asked him for drug money, and when he had declined, the "friend" had slashed his tire with a knife - in fact, quite a large one. This friend was also sat across the street, well within viewing distance.

Naturally, I'm suddenly feeling a little less confident about this whole thing. Nonetheless, I grab my pump and toolkit saddlebag, and start whipping out the gear. We get the tire off just as another of this dude's "friends" comes over, and starts to be generally unhelpful and stand around in the way... whatever, I can still deal. His girlfriend also comes over, and they begin chatting about general shit. One topic that keeps coming up is how the gentleman I am in the midst of assisting is "still on tag" - which means they have been convicted of some kind of crime in the UK. Normally a tag also involves a curfew, and they are often handed out for violent crime. Nice. Turns out his mate is also "on tag". Nothing quite like roadside repair while surrounded by individuals with a penchant for violence should things not go their way.

By this point, we have patched the tube in two places and all seems well. On goes the tire, with the help of my handy tyre lever - or so we thought. The guy with the violent past is obviously not too much in control of his strength, as he snaps my tyre lever in half. Lovely. Just to top it all off, the guy's tire is still flat. Turns out two 1cm holes opposite each other on the tube just won't patch properly. Who'da thunk it? So anyway, "thanks anyway"s are exchanged, and I begin the ride home - only to find that while leaving the site of my ad-hoc repairwork, I have a nice chunk of glass lodged in my own tire, and my tube is deflating with a deeply unwelcome hiss.

Defeated, I begin the long walk (push) to the nearest bike shop. Rather than treating myself to the takeaway I had been previously planning to devour, I find myself rather forlornly spending the money on a new tyre lever so that I can repair my own bicycle and actually make it home. Upon arrival I find myself faced with half a can of beans or something unidentifiable and frozen. While my need may not be so great as that of other Redditors, I hope at least that my story has been enjoyable. Thanks for reading to the end!

EDIT: TL;DR, I helped out a criminal repair what was probably a stolen bicycle while surrounded by sketchy people and subsequently had to spend my dinner money on a replacement tool he broke so that I could fix my own ride.
[Request] Moved into my first apartment 
Living independently for the first time in my life. I would like to celebrate with some pizza.  Tucson, AZ
[REQUEST] Sydney Australia; sore, broke and hungry
Got bashed last night and had my wallet and phone stolen. Got no money  a broken big toe and a splitting headache. Someone please help a hungry poor man out?
[Request] Having a rough day and extremely hungry, can repay.
My mother and little sisters land lord left a note on their door stating that if they don't pay their current and late rent amount in 2 days that they will be evicted. The landlord is always really lenient with my mother so it's understandable and pretty predictable that this would eventually happen due to how far my mother got behind. I immediately went to the bank, withdrew every dime I had, got a money order and took it to their land lord. 

I did this fully aware that I'd be without and with no regrets. My mother and sister having a roof over their head is far more important then me going a couple days without food. I have a well paying job and I'm rarely home which explains why I have no food in my refrigerator. I help people out whenever I get the chance. However, My belly is really screaming "fuck you" at the moment.. So it would be pretty rad if someone could loan me the money for a pizza. I get paid Monday, and I'm a lady of my word so you can best believe this will be paid back or paid forward. 

The throwaway account is because I don't ask for help, I just don't. It's embarrassing and a touchy situation so I'd rather hide behind a bitch account. Growing up we were always needing help with something, and I really don't like asking for help.. However if someone is willing to help I WILL give you my account name, I can even give you my mothers number so you can verify this.
[Request] Between Jobs in San Jose, CA 95112
Wow this is so amazing! Maybe reddit can help me out? I've been unemployed for three weeks. I applied for unemployment when I was dismissed from my last job at a restaurant. I had been working there for six months since it opened and it changed everything for me. I was on the verge of getting evicted when they hired me and I was able to turn that whole situation around because they took a chance on me. Now I'm more confident that even though I had been fired I immediately went out there to find more work. And even though I haven't been able to find more than a few temporary assignments I'm not discouraged about it.

However I am not living so comfortably. I had been living very much month to month. And I was able to pay June rent I don't have much left for food. Since I had been working at a restaurant I just ate for free there. Now I applied for food stamps in California but am not able to get an interview for benefits until after the 4th of July weekend. I showed up to the office and waited all day only to tell me that I can't do anything until that interview.

I've been paying for my food with change I find around the house. My unemployment check won't come until they do a phone interview on Friday with me. I won't have any money after I pay July's rent. And I definitely won't be able to pay utilities without the unemployment check. I don't want to seem like begging but I would pay it forward if you could help a fella out reddit.
[Request] Some pizza for the average college student?
My last final is tomorrow, but due to Drum Corps stuff, I'll probably be living here away from home until next Monday. I'm out of university money and real money, spent the last of it on bills and a meal the other day. 

I understand if this isn't going to happen, just hoping that some person out there will want to donate a bit of love to a Redditor and his friend. 

If anyone can do this, I  live in Greensboro, NC
[Request] Will do Engineering/Math for pizza!
I am a poor, hungry college student, but I have the skills to fix this! I am looking for something to eat tomorrow night (Friday, 9/21) and am willing to do engineering/math problems for food!

I am a fifth year Mechanical Engineering student, so I am fairly steeped in many areas of knowledge.

PS: If you want something else, like a funny picture of a pony, I would be happy to oblige. :)
(Request) My mom and stepdad just left for their vacation house last night, they left me 20$ for the 3 days they are gone.. i used them allready
thank you
(REQUEST) Yo, the names anal_popcorn and it's nice to meet ya, no idea why but I want some pizza. (drops mic)
Elkin, NC
I'm poor until the 10th :/ [Request]
I'd really love some pizza, preferably Papa Johns but any would do, honestly. I'm in the LA area due east. Thanks everyone for your infinite kindness!
[Request] Broke trans girl in her last semester of college. Would love some Pizza.

[Request] Just moved to a new city
I just moved to a new city 2000 miles away from home, Oklahoma to Oregon, and am craving some pizza. I don't know the area very well and am a bit homesick. It would be awesome and make me feel a little better! Thank you very much! 
[request]Cleveland, Ga..... Roomate stole all our money and took off. could really use a pick me up
when we found out our roomate wasnt paying the bills we gave her money for, we asked her to leave, she stole every dime we had. sold stuff and bills are all paid, but its ramen for a cpl weeks. coud really use a reminder there are good helpfull people in the world
[request]Littleton, CO neighbors baby has been crying all night. I've been there. Can you guys help me help her?
Id love to give her some relief, but I can't afford it. Message me if you can help. You guys rock..
[request] Chicago, IL would love to have a hot pizza to go with his broken tooth.
Short and sweet.

Ate shit at the skatepark yesterday, ComEd and RCN cleaned my bank account out. 

If anyone has the means can you send me a pizza tonight when I get off work? No extravagance necessary and anything and everything will be appreciated.

Thank you all. 
[request] hungry uk student needs food
Hey guys, i feel really strange asking for food, because usually, I'm the person giving others food. But recently, I've came into some trouble, and now I can't even afford to feed myself.

I would really appreciate it if someone could feed me , thanks 
[REQUEST]Norman, OK. With your feet in the air and your head on the ground. 

[Request] Laptop monitor cracked, posting from phone. No money to fix, no money at all. Would love pie as computer surfing substitute. (Los Angeles)
Stupid cracked monitor.
[Request] Hungry and no access to money
It was the first weekend I've not had to work overtime since July. I forgot my debit card at the bar. It's Sunday so the banks are closed, and my fridge was just replaced so I have no food.

Would anyone be willing to help me out tonight with some food? I remember this subreddit from awhile back and would love to donate some pizza Tuesday for a pizza today :)
[Request] [UK] I have £3 in my bank, until I get my next student loan April 22nd, when I will return the favour!
Hey guys,

I don't get the next installment of my student loan until next month and I'm working on an essay about "if" tonight and would love a pizza as brain food. I will promise to pay it forward next month when I get paid, you can even chase me up on it if you like!
[Request] Type I diabetic with no food in Rome, Georgia 
Hey guys, my friend just told me about this and I'm starving and don't know when I'll have money or food again. I just started working and all my last check went to bills and gas to get to work. I'm a type I diabetic who's in some need of food, and a pizza would be amazing right now.

I'm willing to play some Team Fortress, Killing Floor, or anything else (as long as I have the game lol) w/ anyone who helps!

Thanks in advance!
=)  
[DESPERATE REQUEST: Las Vegas] A year ago, I wrote an IAMA that is ranked 100th all time about how incompetent I was at my network security job. Today, I got fired. 
My AMA was titled [IAMA wildly incompetent network security admin and have no business in my job. AMA.](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/cuc07/iama_wildly_incompetent_network_security_admin/)

If you goto [/r/IAMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/top/?sort=top&amp;count=75&amp;t=all&amp;after=t3_akrna) (link is already sorted) select "All time" and sort by "Top" you'll see it's ranked exactly #100.

The job was a nice run, but honestly I enjoyed writing the AMA more than I enjoyed my job.  It was soul crushing be so worthless and being paid for it. I know that sounds hard to believe, but I assure you, it's the truth.

At any rate, I'm depressed, but I'm excited to finally be free.  I will be going back into computers most likely, but something that I'm actually good at. Troubleshooting, help desk, etc.  Certainly not network security.  

FWIW, i was actually laid off by the executives, not fired for incompetence.

My wife is out of town and she doesn't even know yet.  It's just me and my 3 kids hanging out tonight.  Anyone feel like sending a few medium pizzas our way?  The thank you pictures will be marvelous indeed.  Of course I can't show our faces, since the IAMA is rather incriminating... :)  I'm not proud, but I'm not ashamed! 

[REQUEST] any pizza pizza?
It's my nephews birthday and we're having a family get together! The baby boy truly loves pizza! My uncle doesn't believe the karma wielding abilities of the reddit communities. Would be nice if somebody can prove him wrong. PM for address?
(request) pizza for me and my children (in canada)
hello, my husband has become unemployed and i really could use a pizza to cheer me and my kids up. we are living in vancouver, and anything would really help. thank you!!!
[Request] Fresno,California
Lentil soup gets a little old. I grocery shop on a budget of 5 bucks a day. lol
[Request] Derry PA - Wife needs a pizza, no means to pay for it tonight
My wife is home with our 20 month old son. We're broke and get paid tomorrow. But this doesnt fix her hunger tonight. Our local pizza places wont deliver if you order online so any order would have to be done by phone. I would greatly appreciate anyone who is able to help tonight. I have 15 bucks in paypal that I can send in return for the ordering and paying for of the pizza. 
[Request] We're starving, no food in the house and my car broke down.
My car didn't JUST break down, it's getting repaired at the shop, haven't had it for 3 days. haven't been able to get groceries and me and my fiance cleared everything out quicker than expected. We knew we would be riding it slim this month due to the car repair, so we figured we'd give this a shot! Pics, signs, etc available uppon request ;)!
Also, we'll happily return the favor to RAOP within 7 days !

Forgot to add - Orlando, Florida is the area, zip 32839.

&lt;3 Ash + Dom
[request] $5 collectively for myself and my girlfriend's gas, food, etc for the remainder of the week. Offering some sharpie art for thanks! [xpost from /r/randomactsofpizza]
[Pizza received]

Thanks Llamacat21!!

We've also got a broken down vehicle we are needing to pay for and zero food in the house. We're tired of shoving random crap in stale tortillas and are just looking for some decent food. Please help feed us. My girlfriend's an artist and I'm sure she'd be willing to draw up a decent thank you!

[request] Family in Idaho would love a pizza
Hello all. We would love a pizza if anyone is able to assist. I'm broke for the next week and the pantry is very low. Normally we don't have any problems but unforeseen events happened. I wouldn't worry to much except I have a two year old. Any help would be great, thanks for taking the time to read this.  
[Request] Stuck at the library studying for final my finance final . A pizza would be a great motivational tool to help me finish studying for this final. 
I'm at the library right (sigh) now and probably will be all night until my final at 8:45am tomorrow. I barely have money to buy food from my college, but a pizza would go a long way in helping me concentrate for this final. I will pay it back once I have get money it to my account. 

Edit: Just looked at my title *nods in shame* 
[REQUEST] AL, Would like some after Christmas pizza, broke and hungry until first of month.
Hi guys,

I'm pretty much out of money (and food, been eating fish sticks) until the first of January, when paycheck comes out. I can spot some other hungry people when I get paid, I have no way of proving that, but just take my word for it and hassle me if your so kind to give me some pizza :). Assuming a tornado doesn't blow up my house tonight, it would be greatly appreciated.

Thanks guys!

[REQUEST]Three College Students Neck-bearding it Up....
We began a nonstop video game party Friday night. Somehow we managed to eat all of our snacks in one night, leaving us stranded in our dorms with no food. Our campus cafeteria is closed for the weekend, and we don't even have ramen. Please help us? :-(


Here is a picture for your trouble
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-saYh5WfGHOY/TZLo1uV04PI/AAAAAAAAADE/8w2gLMIqPWE/s1600/puppy_eyes-2.jpg
[Request] My debit/atm card for isn't working and i have no way of getting cash. 
Northern chicago area.
 Request: Family put life on hold in Fl, to help mother in law that had stroke in Deleware.
Hello, we dropped everthing on 10/20/11 and used my unemployment check to drive 18 hours to help her. We left 2 kids and a dog home and brought the youngest with us. We did bring 2 hamburger and lots of boxed Mac and cheese and potatos, we have used up the small amount of money we had, and the next check, well that will be paying for car insurance, and then I hope the 3rd check will put gas in car to go home.  And we could really use  a hot and cheeseie pizza!! It would be AWESOME !!!   We r in Wilmington Deleware. And when I get back home to fl and get back on track I will defenatly pay it forward! 
[REQUEST] UK, having a crappy day and a pizza would cheer me right up - will repay or pay it forward
So yesterday I had a really rubbish day - feeling poorly, clients being awful and generally things not going too well. I got home to find my car with a parking ticket because the council put the wrong license plate number on my permit which I hadn't noticed (and I'm a learner so I couldn't move the car), then today I got hit with a load of bank charges for stuff from August, when I was already worrying how I would get through to payday this month because of a bunch of unexpected payments. I have enough in my account for my phone bill, and maybe enough food in cupboard/freezer to manage my meals til payday. I am feeling pretty crap and I'm stuck at work wishing I was under my duvet. Does anyone feel like making my day and gifting me a pizza before I commit to three weeks of beans on toast?

I'll be in a better situation after payday I promise to either repay anyone who would be kind enough to help, or gift someone next month. 

Thanks for reading! 
(Requesting) Pizza &amp; Prayers in Tampa, FL
I am a single mother of 2 who recently just took in my Brother and his family (wife &amp; son). My brother was in the USMC and got out early due to medical issues and we figured we could make it work, but unfortunatly due to the economy he has had a difficult time finding a new job and we are all trying to survive on my salary alone. He did take AND pass his postal exam yesterday so please pray for us that this leads to something great. If anyone could find it in their hearts to help us out a little it would be greatly appreciated.also if you need any other information in regards to this situation or would like a verification code please message me.
Thank you for taking the time to read this &amp; God Bless
[Request]  Portland Oregonian College Student Hungry
Recovering addict, now in college trying to turn life around, just out of food and was told of the power of reddit.  Thanks in advance
[REQUEST] Hardworking family could use a pizza...
I am currently at work, surrounded by people who make more than I do for doing less work.  My job stresses me out so much and 95% of my money goes towards bills/paying for daycare for my baby girl.  To top it off, my work just switched to bi-weekly pay and I literally have $12.32 in my checking account to last me until Friday.  Due to lack of finances, my boyfriend and I have not been out to eat/gotten take out in almost a year and would love a meal that I don't have to cook.  I'll pay it forward as soon as I have a little extra cash... promise!
Request - can't make rent, cell phones shut off, stressed to the max
2011 is just not my year. Can anyone help a girl out that's down in the dumps? Ill have a few spare bucks next friday to pay it forward. It would be amazing if someone can help me out for dinner, cause im disgustingly broke. Please and thank you
[request] Just a hungry college student with no money. Can anyone make my day with a pie? 
It sure would make my day to get a pie. 
[Request] moving day, need help with pizza
Hi

   We're moving today and with fronting for the new deposit, paying for tuition at Davis, and double rent...we're tapped out. We have already had issues today- budget screwed up our rental truck and we had to drive 30 miles away to pick up a replacement and our new apt was dirty so now we are waiting on a cleaning service to sort that out! We got two friends to help us (with 2 kids I can't help my husband much) but we need to feed them! Could somebody help us out with a couple of pizzas today?
[Request] Almost homeless, broke, and the only thing I had that meant anything just got eaten by a cat.
Hey reddit, this has basically been the worst week of my life. My car window was broken, I'm looking at being evicted from my gf's parents house, making us both homeless, and my snake that I've had since birth just got eaten by a cat. We're not allowed to eat the food in the kitchen an I can't afford any food. Help?
[request] Spencer NC I'm having my girlfriend over tonight when she gets off work, and she has been feeling pretty sick, a pizza would be great to cheer her up and help her feel better.
My girlfriend has been working a lot lately and has been feeling sick, and her favorite food is pizza, so she would be really happy to enjoy a pizza.

Edit* she gets off at 6.

Edit two* she isn't coming over on account of feeling worse, is there someone who can order it for her house?
[Request]It's been along time since I've tasted the hot warm saucy taste of a good fresh pizza[Vancouver,Wa]
I live in a small house with my Grandma and my Boyfriend, He is visiting from Ireland and he is leaving in 5 days.
My gramma has been low on work, and shes 58 and I haven't found a job yet. Finally being of age to get a job i figured it would be easy but in this economy its not. 
I'm NOT starving, but I am hungry for that warm cheesy pepperoni taste of pizza straight from the oven. I've Mowed lawns around my neighborhood to put food in my house and i'm running low on cash. Food is scarce and i have to wait till my grandmas next pay day for gas. Please help me and my boyfriend and grandma have a delicious dinner tonight. It would be much appreciated. 

Even if i and my family don't get one, when i get a job i will be sure to help others here. 
[Request] No Money For 2 Weeks in MN
Inbetween jobs and havent gotten my first paycheck for my new place, so im living off 3 dollars till next friday. All my money has gone to my bus fair since i take 6 buses a day to get to &amp; from work.

Living in MN and i believe everyone delivers to me, with alot of coupons.

[REQUEST] My friend lost a close friend today and I'd love to send a hot, tasty lunch to his office tomorrow. 
It's times like this I rethink my choice to become a writer. Why didn't I ever consider the cost of pizza?!
[Request] Help a lonely guy at Eglin AFB chill with a pizza tonight.
I'm stationed at Eglin AFB, Fl. I live in the dorms here by myself and don't really have the money to go out and do stuff. I mostly skype with my girlfriend/ family and study my course work. Help me ease the pain with a pizza! 
[Request] From the other side of the coin, I loathe my job.
Every day I wake up and think, "It's a new day!!" My positivity makes it to the office. I sit down, start working on optimizing our IT environment, check in with a colleague or supervisor, then remember, "NO ONE GIVES A FUCK." The day proceeds to beat that sentiment into me, as well as "nothing you do matters because it will never see the light of day." I waste more and more time on reddit, facebook, forums, whatever as the day goes by. Every time I manage to convince myself to work on something, I just get reminded by someone or some process that it's all fucking pointless busy work to distract me from the fact that this is not the job I interviewed for. By the time 5:00 rolls around, all I can do is shuffle home with that -_- look on my face and fall into yet another chair until it's time to sleep and repeat the same scenario the next day.

I would love something happy and unexpected to happen to me, but as we all know "no one gives a fuck."

Location: Texas
[Request] Virginia Beach, Trying to show my staff i appreciate them
I am a 2nd shift supervisor where i work, I had two staff members pull the no call no show. This put more strain on the other members of my staff, trying to show the 5 of them that showed up I appreciate them however low on funds... any help would be greatly appreciated. Will pay it forward for sure.
[Request] Finally on my own! Could use a pizza to help out a bit (Toronto!)
So finally moved out and after paying first and last I'm kind of short on cash. Last of my money went on groceries which didn't last too long. Waiting on my next pay check (Friday). 

Unfortunately didn't have much for saving because I went to summer school to get some extra credits.

I am willing to repay the favor Friday and provide my non throw away account :]. Normally I'd use my actual account but I don't want to let me friends or family know that I'm in a bit of a financial situation until my next pay check. 

Thank you in advance :]
[request] WOULD LOVE A PIZZA. FLORIDA.
I am using a throw away but if ANYONE is serious about helping me, i will provide my real account and any proof of situation. ive recently been attacked by scammers/trolls and all kinds of things, i had a post but i know it will get nowhere and i would truly love a pizza, my post cant get the chance it needs due to idiots, so please, if youre a wonderful person and can help a gal out, pm me and i will provide anything u ask. its almost time for all the pizza joints to close, but i would love a pizza..it would brighten my sea of darkness..gods honest truth.
[REQUEST] Fremont, Indiana - About to Blaze Down and won't have cash for Munchies...
I've been on reddit for awhile and have been mostly a lurker. I saw random acts of pizza and figured I'd give it a try. I'm a firm believer in paying it forward and would do so if this goes through. However, if I get dejected I will still offer a free pizza to others in the future. =) 

I'm moving on September 13th and this is one of the last times I get to hang with my friends before I have to go. No sob story here, just thought I'd give it a try. ^^
[Request] Just moved halfway across the country, haven't eaten in days...
Hey Reddit. I feel horrible for this, but here I am, asking for pizza. I've just moved from Alabama to Austin, Texas, in an attempt to change my life's direction and take charge of my student debt etc. To that end, I've gotten a job in Austin and am currently living on the floor in my own apartment (can't afford a bed). My check is coming on Friday, for three weeks' work at a big box retailer, but I haven't been able to afford food for four days, all my my remaining income going towards gas to get to/from work. Anyway, I would very much appreciate some kind of assistance, though I know you are in no way obligated to do so. 

It'd totally make my week though. &lt;3
[Request] Studying for finals...broke as hell before I go home for the holidays and work a little...would love a pizza to warm up my night and help study...could even give you a Rift Time Card
Title says it all...Studying for finals, pretty broke, dining halls are too expensive and I don't have money for a meal. Would love a pizza to help me get through this night...could even give you a Rift 60 day time card from when I used to play, i've had it forever. 
Any help would be SERIOUSLY appreciated!
Thanks!
[REQUEST] Stranded in Dayton
Hi Reddit! I never thought I'd be posting one of these. Here's my story. I came down to visit my girlfriend Thursday night. Everything was going good until this morning. We got in a huge fight and she gave me the boot. Where I live is an approx. 45 minute drive. 
I pretty much feel like a bum, but I don't know what else to do. I'm at a public library using the computer with a visitor's pass. I've only got 45 min left. Surprise me Reddit, please!

Edit: I've figured out where I'm staying tonight. I'll be off and on all night checking this, hoping this works out.
[Request] Blizzard here in MN, and I am stuck at work. Still would like to surprise my boyfriend (who is a Redditor, too) with something unique and nerdy - An anonymous Reddit-inspired pizza, sponsored by you. I'll return the favor tonight for someone else, if you help me out.
My title pretty much sums it up. I would like to send him a pizza sponsored by Reddit. I would love to be ninja like in my attempt to surprise him and his best friend, both of them jamming with their guitars at his home. If you could make this extra nerdy and geeky someway, that would be a HUGE plus! We are a very new couple and just discovered 1 1/2 weeks ago that both of us are Redditors. Despite this blizzard I am stuck at work, and I would rather be with him right now. Anyhow, anybody willing to help out?

EDIT: PastafarianTwit made my night!!!! Pizza is on the way to my boyfriend as we speak. This is so exciting. *doing a happy dance in my office
[Request] 3 awesome yet broke college kids 
Hello Redditors, my roommates and I are broke literally until Thanksgiving. What little money we have is currently being pooled to get back home for Thanksgiving break and see our families and such. Something we don't really get to do often. A little bit about us? I am a musician/student studying Telecom. My roommate is also studying Telecom/intern at local, and our third roommate is simply put a true American. Help us advance our studies by filling our stomachs! 
Also by studying I may or may not mean playing Skyrim all day.
Oh yeah we reside Bloomington,IN aka IU
EDIT: still playing Skyrim still hungry. I need my daily vegetable intake.
[Request] Moved into a new house, which is awesome...but now I'm broke until Friday. Would love to eat something other than Knorr Pasta Sides tonight. (West Virginia) 
Title basically explains it. I've just moved into a nice, new house but due to having to pay rent twice this month, plus putting down the deposit, I'm completely broke until Friday. If anyone could toss a pie my way, It would be amazing. 
[REQUEST] (Dallas, TX) Short on money, really tired of eating variations on beans and rice every night...
I was laid off in January and have been receiving unemployment since then while trying to find more work, but existing bills wipe out pretty much all of my funds every month aside from basic foodstuffs. My fiancee recently started a plush toy business but it is building slowly and doesn't bring in very much money for us yet. We've been eating variations on beans and rice, potatoes, and stir fry for the last several weeks and frankly we're both really tired of it.

We both tried donating plasma today (there is a company near our house that pays $20 for a first donation), but she's on lithium so couldn't do so and the phlebotomist informed me that I couldn't give because my veins were too narrow. For the first time in months things are looking up--I have three or four good job leads that could be coming to fruition in the next couple of weeks--and we really were hoping to get some pizza as a change of pace.

My fiancee even says she'd be happy to send a plushy as thanks once we've got the money to ship something out--I'd be happy to provide examples of her work via PM if you're interested.

Thanks for looking!

*
[Request] 3 poor freshman, NAU in Flagstaff
First time being poor, not quite sure how to handle it...pizza would help the situation
[REQUEST] SC - Going through hard times, wondering if anyone can help out with a hot pie.. 
I really hate to ask to ask because I'm such an independent person, but I got "laid off" (Problems with my boss, I won't get into it..) a few weeks ago and I've just been coasting on savings trying to find a new job. I'd be happy to entertain any requests or anything that could bring some happiness to someone's life as compensation for doing the same for me. 
[Request] Broke and Broken
Hey all,

I recently tore the ligament in my left shoulder (two nights ago) and I am now stuck in my apartment. I am (like so many others) a broke college student who now has to pay for these medical expenses, and I find myself somewhat down in the dumps as I cannot hang out with my friends or do anything productive as I am hopped up on vicodin all day and night. 

I could really use a small pick me up, maybe in the form of a pizza? :) 

I plan to return the favor to the other needy posters here in this subreddit as soon as my shoulder heals :)
[Request] started a new job this week, but completely broke in a new city(Portland, Oregon), pizza would go a long way!
I've been unemployed for a little over a month and my financial situation is extremely dire for the next week or so.  Just started a new job today and the future is looking bright, but this week will be extremely tough. Thanks for reading!
[REQUEST]Roommate and I are broke and sick of rice in Niagara Falls, NY
I'm not going to lie. We do have food. We have rice, beans and eggs. That's all we've had for about two weeks now. It is all we will have until the first of the month. Even then, majority of our money (about 1200 between the two to last all of September) will go to rent, bills, gas and the cheapest food we can find. So, while I'm not in complete desperate need of food, my roommate and I are just sick of rice and beans. I would kill to eat something that actually tastes awesome. Thanks.
[Request] My offering to you as an appeal for pizza inside
I've been working on this cartoon idea for awhile, it obviously needs refining but I decided to make my request in the form of a (not rage) [comic](http://imgur.com/hnqAk). Hope you like it! And, ya know, hope the whole pizza thing too..
[REQUEST] Roommate and I spent over $1100 combined on books.  We are poor college kids whose Uni has a horrible cafeteria.  Help us out with some good ol Pizza please!
Title says it all mostly.  We spent that much because two of my classes required a revised edition of a book that started print this year and that came with a code for online software so we can do our homework online.  They were both $200+ each. 

We literally have no money for food in our room other then Ramen Noodles and our cafeteria sucks.  They literally make more vegan options for lunch dinner then they do non vegan food.  Its horrible.

Could a kind redditor please help us out and provide us with some good ol Pizza for once?  The past 2 months have been miserable.  
[Request] Spent the last of my money buying food for my dogs. No money till Tuesday, Fridge empty.
Hi RAOP

I had to scrounge up what ever money I could find so I could get my dogs some dog food today. They ran out of dog food yesterday. The fridge is empty and I wont be getting any money till Tuesday. Can someone help out a guy and his two dogs? I'll share some with my dogs. I' sure they would love a slice, instead of eating that cheap dried stuff.
[Request]Haven't eaten yesterday. Recieving (student) loan on monday .
Dear fellow redditors , I had to pay for a ID card so i could register my self for a loan. But this left me with no money to survive the weekend please help! (Breda , Noord-brabant - The netherlands)
[Request] Jax, Fl - Just moved and kind of broke.
Left my GF of two years and moved into a new place, but spent most of my paycheck paying the first months rent. Have less than $15 to my name. Friend was supposed to help me with groceries, but she hasn't received the money from her loan yet, so I'm out of luck until then, or until my next paycheck, which is the friday after next, nearly two weeks away.  
I was hoping someone could help me out, and in return I will mail you one of my [prints](http://imgur.com/a/S5q1Y) when I am financially able. The print would be of your choice. 
[REQUEST] Do you want to make someone's night with a pie? [MN]
Hi!

Hopefully someone can help me out, I'm starving and exhausted. Been applying for jobs consistently, luckily I have a job interview tomorrow - but I'm broke. A pizza tonight would make my weekend and my day tomorrow!

Oh, and lovely subreddit as well. :) You're all spectacular folks.
[REQUEST] Stuck at work with no lunch!
Hi RAOP'ers!  I go to school part time and work full time.  My night class doesn't interfere with my work hours but my daytime class is in the next town over.  Since I work full time and my daytime class takes up a few hours on 2 days of my 8-5 schedule, I use my lunch hours to go to class.  That leaves me with no way to leave work to get anything or go home to fix lunch (which is all I can afford atm :).  

So dumb poor me left the house this morning with no food for lunch and I can't afford to order anything.  Any pie for poor forgetful me? :)
[Request]Morgan Hill CA, USA.  Last Friday having all 
friends together, would love pizza.
This is the last night that all of my friends will be together for Friday Night Magic.  Four out out of the five will be leaving town to either go to college or another state.  I am trying to make this the best night I can with very little money, I just dropped 1000 for car repair.  A  simple cheese would work.  Many thanks to anyone that looks, and everyone else that considers, you are awesome!

I will repay the favor to someone else in the future!
[Request] Two starving room mates need some food.
I haven't eaten anything other than rice or ramen noodles for the past week. My roomie is in not much better shape. Both of us are broke as hell and some pizza would really cheer us up.

Edit: location is Bloomington Minnesota a suburb of the twin cities.
[Request] [WA] Roommate is moving across the state, a pizza would be awesome!
I'm helping her pack up and we would love some delicious pizza. She just quit her job to go follow her SO across the state, I'm broke and waiting on my financial aid check to miraculously appear soon, helping her out instead of studying.  We would appreciate it and will pass it on when things brighten up financially!
[Request] Hungry in Florida, Getting Paid Tomorrow, No Food till then
Hi guys! As the title reads, don't have any food at the moment, just finished eating all the old bacon for breakfast and my bank account is sitting at 22 cents till tomorrow.

http://imgur.com/JwUFDLc

I'm also playing FFXIV: A Realm Reborn, IGN: Perez Hilton, Server: Cactuar !!

Thanks,

Chris
[Request] I don't have a nice sob story for you, I'm just hungry...
Pretty pretty please?
[Request] Idaho, I am not the culinary genius I thought I was.
Hoping to redeem myself after my horrible dinner failure this evening. 

Life pro-tip: Ghetto tuna casserole is never a good idea. If you don't have all of the ingredients pick something else. 

[REQUEST] San Antonio
I've been unemployed for two months (Welder), and my girlfriend has to have back surgery later this week.  Found that out this morning.  Lemme tell you, a free meal would be a wonderful thing today.
[Request] broken leg, no cash, feeling blue. Will pay it forward next week when I get paid.
took a corner too hard going like... 20 mph! On a 150cc scooter. I know I'm hardcore like that, craving pepperoni. Will pay it forward when I get paid.
[request] I just worked a 10 hour day and have an hour and a half to two hour commute one way. I would LOVE to have pizza tonight instead of eating left over bean soup. 
I left my house at 7:00 and I'm just getting home now, 9:00pm. The crazy long commute is a regular thing for me. It a pain in the ass. Oh, and my SO is gone for the weekend, no close friends are around and I have nothing else to do on this Friday night other than reddit and watching tv shows online. 

Maryland...
[Request] I don't have a witty title
Edit: iEatPie got me.


[Request] Pizza for a sad Californian soul...
Things just haven't been going the right ways. My friends and I have been getting distant... I feel like I've been sleeping all day and there is nothing in the house to eat. Perhaps a pizza could help?
[Request] Cheesy Deliciousness in Seattle
Hey! I'm a recent college grad in Seattle and I've been having a tough time trying to live on my own what with trying to find a job, pay rent and pay off loans simultaneously. I've really been craving pizza this week and it would be amazing to not have to eat ramen, rice or beans for a change. I can provide any verification needed and I hope to be on my feet soon to pay it forward.
[Request] Supposed to bring food to guys night tonight but I have $0 in my account...
I do have verification code btw!
[Request] (NY) Nobody came to the meetup on Friday, and I've been kinda bummed since.
Some pizza would be a lovely way to cheer up :) I posted in /r/randomactsofpizza on Friday but nothing came of it, so I figured it might be OK if I posted here.
[Request] Seattle USA, It's cold- I'm hungry; and broke...
I would love a pizza!
[Request] Sick, hungry, and still a week away from getting payed (Milwaukee, WI)
I'm a twenty year old who is taking time off from school, and just recently started working at a drugstore. I'm still a week away from getting my first paycheck, after being unemployed for two months, and I have $1.77 to my name after paying for rent. I would be greatly appreciative of even a small pizza, because I haven't eaten since Sunday. I'm sure this is a longshot because not many people are willing to spend that money, and I understand that completely. If out of some miracle the pizza angels are smiling upon me today I will gladly repay the favor as soon as I get my paycheck. I suppose it's also a significant fact that I'm vegetarian.
[Request] I'm real hungry
I just spent all my money on rent and I'm real hungry. There's a pizza place nearby that has real good pepperoni pizza. It sounds really good right now. 
[Request] have eaten very little in the past 24 hours, all i have on me is gum. Help me out with some pizza?

[REQUEST] I'll gladly pay you tomorrow for a hamburger....uh...pizza today :D
I would greatly appreciate a pizza tonight :) I can pay it forward on the 28th as that is when I get paid again. Sorry if that makes the title misleading...I just like Popeye :)
[REQUEST] - A Full Stomach DC
Hey, I haven't had a real meal in a week. I was unjustly fired from my job and am awaiting an appeal over unemployment. Meanwhile, I'm looking for work and school just restarted. Finding work around my classes hasn't been easy. Most are waiter jobs and all want to speak with my previous employer. Its a rainy Sunday here in the DC area and a good meal would do a lot for raising my spirits. Thanks.
[Request] Baltimore, Maryland. Mom doesn't get paid till Friday, and we don't have anything for dinner tonight. 
Exactly what the title says. She had about 20$ that needs to go to gas and we don't have any food for dinner tonight.
[Request] [Canada] Hoping to be fed for my birthday..
I normally hate begging but I just turned 18 and my whole family is in another country. It was my birthday yesterday and ended up starving the whole day. I can show proof it was my birthday yesterday if needed. Thanks!
[REQUEST] London, Ontario, Canada. College student who just paid his 200 dollar phone bill and would like to save myself from further debt with a random of pizza.
My pantry currently contains cereal and canned cream corn. I haven't tried combining the two, but I may have to if this doesn't pan out. I would be forever grateful and willing to pay it forward as soon as my income tax cheque comes in.
[Request] North Carolina.  Just got a new job after over a year unemployed, looking to celebrate. 
[Any kind] Still broke sadly start work on Monday, want to Celebrate =]
[Request] Seeing my best friend after nearly two years of being apart! A pizza would make things perfect!
I've been out of the country for over a year and a half. Before this time I struggled a lot with depression and it was this friend who helped pull me through! I'm a different person now, and I'd love to sit down over a pizza and catch up!
 [request] South Jersey couple in need of a warm meal..
My boyfriend and i both lost our jobs within a week of eachother.

All money we have been able to make goes towards rent. 

Is there anyway someone on reddit can help us? Even just someting small will be great!
[REQUEST] Austin, Texas. Girlfriend ordered a pizza "for me" and ate it all before I got to her house last night. I have no food and would love to get that pizza.

[REQUEST] Bristol, UK. me and the fiancee would love some pizzerage
me and my fiancee are a little low on money right now, fear not we shall be able to get a food shop in about 2 weeks. but for now we're kinda bummed out about not having money for the steam sale but some pizza would certainly help lift the mood. can you help us RAOP?
[Request] Missouri USA Stressed out college student, super busy studying and would be forever grateful for a pizza!!
No money for groceries this week. All I have is ramen. I'm in the final stretch of this semester and I am pulling my hair out trying to get all my work done. A pizza sounds like Heaven right now! I'm in Columbia, Mo. I prefer an e-gift card, please.
[AU Request] Make a bad night better.
I've just heard that my girlfriend, her parents and best friend have just experienced a car break in and had a variety of expensive things stolen. They're still waiting for the police (many hours now) and I have not eaten. It would be cool to put smiles on their faces.
[Request]I'm from South Texas. Woke up with a terrible cold today. Pizza would just be awesome right now.
Title says it all, ha. Being sick just really sucks, but pizza for dinner sounds fantastic.
REQUEST: Would love to celebrate our 9th wedding anniversary with a pizza in Melrose, Massachusetts USA
My husband and I will be celebrating our 9th anniversary tomorrow. Unfortunately we do not have any money to actually do something or go anywhere but we will enjoy each others company probably watching some tv and just relaxing.  I would love to surprise hubby with a pizza from anywhere in the area, he is not picky and this would make a great anniversary present.  If anyone could help me out I would so appreciate it.  Eventually when we get back on our feet I would pay it forward!
 [request] Lost my wallet today and haven't gone shopping since my last payday.
It's been a hell of a day today.  Woke up late to work, lost my wallet during lunch break, and I came home to no food. Thanks.
Request from Co. 
Not real sure what to say here. I'm a single mom of 3, recently unemployed and trying to scrape by till I can get another job. I don't want to post a "sob story" type of thing so I'll keep it short. I'm broke, we are hungry, and a pizza would be awesome. Thanks. :)
[REQUEST] Pizza/movie date help for a relatable moron
I'm not poor in the desperate sense of the term by any means, and I absolutely respect the people that take the kindness of their heart and spread happiness in the life of one person that really can't afford a meal with something as seemingly small as a pizza.
This isn't one of those posts. Truth be told, I have a crush on a girl that I invited over tonight for a simple pizza/movies/maybe a little football evening. While I don't have any cash, I thought I had a credit card handy to cover it, and tonight was the only night she'd be available for another week (student/job), but she's "really excited we could work this out tonight." So was I, until I realized the credit card expired at the end of August and I hadn't gotten my new card yet; likely shipped to my old address in Brooklyn. So on top of no food for the "date" (I'd like to think, also, no groceries due to the no money thing, paycheck doesn't come for a few days) I have no credit card as backup. No purchases for a few days it seems.
I know that most people will read this and laugh at the mishaps of a hapless kid trying to chase a cute girl with poor planning, but I'm hoping that one person will relate to the irrational, and sometimes stupidly blind decisions we make when a pretty girl is excited to spend time with us. She loves chicken and pineapple pizza and I was hoping to come through with a simple surprise to make her smile off the bat.
I can verify I'm a real, sane person at college with a real address that willingly accepts pizza deliveries if you want to be the ultimate wingman/wingwoman. Commit a RAOP.

I'm located in Tallahassee, FL at Florida State University, btw
[Request] I'm Stupid and Hungry.
I commute two hours everyday and left my wallet at home. Simple as that. I will for sure be "paying it forward" as soon as can if I am blessed with some pizza. I have a long day ahead of me and am self employed so I hope that someone will be kind enough to za me. 
[Request] Couple in need of help.
Hi RAoP, my fiancée and I are both unemployed and are scraping along the moment with very little money. And since it is near the end of the month, we have even less.

It's a Saturday night and frankly we are starving! We don't have much/any food in the house we can eat, we live by ourselves and no family nearby that we can count on.

I know some people on here offer something small in exchange for the pizza (noticed one guy on here offered a rap xD), the only thing we can offer is really my fiancée might be able to do a little drawing for you (she's a good artist), or I can offer a spare copy of a game on Steam.

I know there are some good people out there on reddit and I hope one of them sees this.

I have 2 job interviews next week, if I get either of them, after my first pay I will come back on here and buy someone else in need a pizza. It's only fair.

Thank you and sorry for the slight wall of text.

Also, just in case, we are in the UK.
[Request] Just moved, on my own, could use a filling meal!
Hellooo Redditors. I'm 22 years old and on my own for the first time, thousands and thousands miles away from anyone related to me, and my dog. I just got a new job, work 70 hours a week, make close to no money, and never have time to eat. Being so far from my family for the first time kinda blows, but I'm also proud to be doing it!

Pizza. Pizza is all I want. I just moved from a tiny town in Maine, where the closest real pizza was about 2 hours away. Besides craving pizza, I crave a filling meal, as I don't have the money or time to eat. (Rare day off)

EDIT: Totally forgot to put in that I live in Marietta, GA
[Request] Just got into new apartment, no cash left after fees.
Check clears in my bank account on Monday. Someone, please help one hungry dude get some calories for today?
[Request]Brain/Money gone from newborn arrival, don't want to wake baby &amp; mom.
Welcome our 1st (and hopefully only *fingers crossed*) baby to Earth a week &amp; a half ago. Needless to say running on 1-3 hours of sleep a day and paying off doctor &amp; hospital has left us with very little money after essential bills have been paid. We're gaining a room mate next month which will free up money to reciprocate a pizza to a Redditor. Until then any thing helps!
[Request] 5 months pregnant and unemployed, DESPERATELY CRAVING Pizza Hut D:
Not sure why it's Pizza Hut in particular, but this craving has been driving me insane for the past two weeks.  And unfortunately I got into a small accident last weekend, so any money I come across has to go toward repairing my car.  If some kind soul could bless me with a large pizza or send me a Pizza Hut gift card I will return the favor as soon as I can, either to the donator or to someone else in need (their choice).  I'm having bloodwork done tomorrow in the same town with the Pizza Hut, so I can pick it up then!  That would make my week.  Possibly my month, since the whole car thing was quite shitty.

[REQUEST] We are Ivy League Students Willing to Confirm Every University Stereotype in Exchange for Food
Here's my pitch:

I'm a sophomore at Yale University, and I've got a long week ahead of me - I've got a fundraiser to run in New York City, I'm going to be without my laptop for a week while it is being serviced, and classes are actually making us do work now.  I could go on and on about my firstworldproblems, but I think you get the picture. 

What I'm asking for tonight is what I think will be a fair exchange.  

1) YOU
... provide the food. New Haven is arguably the pizza capitol of the world (I can hear the hisses already), and so there's plenty of pizza places out there we can set this up for, however...
There is also a really awesome website called OneButtonWenzel.com that allows you to a press a single button and order the ultimate buffalo chicken sandwich.  It's cheap, its easy, it supports a business - a great deal for you.

2) I...
Will do my best to give you a fair shake. I'm not going to make some sort of pitch that you're helping a dying college student over here - we do have a meal plan and everything, so I want to give you something of substance.  I will photograph the consumption of your order, while confirming as many Ivy League/Yale stereotypes as possible.  
AS A BONUS
If you order two (2) WENZELS, my whole SUITE will get in on the action! That's right, you'll have a pictures of a room full of WASPY New England folks enjoying the delicious late night meal you have provided.

Offers like this don't come around every day - now is the time for food.  I hope you'll join me in this venture.


EDIT: Zombica has been kind enough to provide us with food, and so we'll do our part to provide the pictures while we are waiting for it to arrive. Delivery here is totally random, so it could be until 2:00am before they deliver - if that's the case, it is a risk we are willing to take.

EDIT 2: The Wenzels arrived, and they were awesome. Check out the pics below, and give Zombica as much karma as possible - she is the best, and totally made our week.
[Request] Renton, WA. Almost made it to payday but not quite. Would love to eat pizza tonight. 
Stretched out what little I had after bills and rent but I didn't leave myself with much. I get paid at Midnight and my stomach is feeling pretty empty. I will pay it forward tomorrow. Thus it has been written and so shall it be. 
[REQUEST] CA USA Hi I'm hungry
This is one of times where cash is short and I'm trying to make my Friday night home a good one tonight. Mostly producing electronic music and occasionally playing dota2. Some pizza would hit the spot and make this a superb night. Just some cheap Dominos or whatever. Let me know if you want to help out! Thank you very much.
[REQUEST] Graduating from college in 2 weeks, could really use a pizza to celebrate (Maryville, Missouri).
Graduating on April 28th, I love pizza.
[REQUEST] Centralia, WA....  Really hungry and tired of Tater tots and Bacon...
So I'm new to this but I figured whats the worst that could happen... I just recently got an apartment with my boyfriend and we use all of our money on our rent... I'm extremely hungry and am getting tired of bacon and tater tots... plus the supply is running low... If some would be generous enough to help me out I would be extremely grateful. :)
[REQUEST] Houston ,Texas, any little thing will do 
Me and my girlfriend and her little nieces just got back from walking to jack in a box hoping to get 2 orders of tacos for the 3 bucks in pennies and nickels we had, but there was a problem, the cashier was a total jerk and did not want to take our change because she didn't want to count the bit we had there. So now i feel bad for her ( and my future) nieces ;) and we are on the hunt for random pizza ! 
[Request] My friend just got into a car accident, it's his birthday, and schools tough.
We were leaving from his high school today (I do a bridge program so I go to my tech college and get back to my base school before it gets out), and as he was driving (north) down the road to leave the school, this guy barrels through the parking lot (going west) and we hit him. He has a volvo, so the external damage was minimal for a car crash, but the interior damage was bad. The windshield was cracked, a bunch of the paneling was destroyed, one of the front headlights was cracked and the airbags messed a bunch of things up. I think it's what messed up the front windshield. I hit my head and he got cuts and burns from the airbags and probably lost his car (nicknamed victor). 
The other driver was honest about it, but the officer said that since it was on school ground (technically private property for some reason) he could not claim fault. So now my friend is going to have to battle with insurance on just getting his car fixed and the money for that. I'm going to try and drive him around whenever I have enough gas to go anywhere. Any help is appreciated and he was planning on getting some pizza today, but he said "I just want to relax for now." Everyone decided to call off the little social gathering we had, but it would be sweet if he could still get a pizza. Thanks guys and sorry this was so long.

TL;DR: Friend gets hit by another student driver on his birthday. His car is wrecked, may not get insurance money, and birthday is ruined. Thanks!
[request] Card declined with my money on it, stuck at the airport and no money to get the train home, starving...
[On behalf of my girlfriend]
On the bus to the airport, for some reason my card (which has money on it) has been declined. 

I'm with my brother and he has no card or money. Haven't eaten anything at all today (had to leave for the airport very early).

When I get to Germany to (meeting my dad for the holidays), we're supposed to get the train to his house.. no money for that either lol, so basically today is probably going to suck. [UK]

(I'm writing on behalf of her as she is on the bus and has no internet and will have no internet in the airport if she has no money)  
[REQUEST] Hyde: "HELLO WISCONSIN!" Also, if you scratch my pizza, I'll scratch yours.  
So uh me and my Friend are gonna be playing some FIFA 12 and smoking some...tobacco. Uh. So. Pizza would be rad.

If you'd be willing to wait until Friday when I get paid, I'll buy your wonderfully nice face a pizza to munch on, too. 

if I can be nitpicky, no dominoes. I like, y'know, good, edible pizza. :3
[REQUEST] My best friends birthday. Her drunk munchies.
It's her 21st birthday and I wanna surprise her with a pizza for her inevitable drunk munchies. That's pretty much the jist of it, but let me know if you want more details.
[REQUEST] I could really use some kindness right about now. [California]
I am in the Los Angeles area and in need of some food.  I have no money until Thursday when my SSI check comes in.  Send me a PM and we'll work something out.
[Request] Starting diet again tomorrow and craving some carby goodness
I was doing the keto diet for about a month and a half and lost about 20 lbs. I fell of the wagon about two weeks ago and while I haven't put any weight back on, I've stalled the weight loss. 

I'm starting again tomorrow and I'm craving pizza like crazy but it's not in the budget. 
If anyone is curious about the keto diet check out /r/keto its awesome!

Oh and I'm in MN USA

Thanks!
Request Family of 8 are not Homeless ne more but need a meal
single mommy . family of 8 in Yucca Valley calif . We have been blessed with a house but it took every single penny. I would love for my kids to come home and see the sparkle in thier eyes to see some Pizza. Small Blessings are Beautiful
[request]Hungry non-profit environmentalists seek sustenance. Pittsburgh, PA
Hardworking canvassers for Clean Water Action are in need of morale boosting pizza to help make the world a cleaner, safer place.

You can probably understand how hard it is to be a non-profit in our current economy. Any help to improve the effectiveness of our canvassers is appreciated.

Thanks from the canvassers and the Earth
Request: Mother and son without food for the weekend, could use a hand
Hey, folks. I'd really hate to ask for any assistance from anyone, especially since there are more needy people out there, but we've kind of hit a snag and could really use the help.

Here's the deal: I'm 22, and I live with my mom. We've been going through some pretty rough times as of late -- we're knee deep in debt, going through a foreclosure on our home, and we've been living paycheck to paycheck for months on end. Mom works part-time at a hospital, and I've been looking for work for quite awhile, but as of yet nothing's come up. We've been living on what food my mom can get from her work (employees can get food in exchange for 'payroll reduction', where they take the charges right out of their paycheck), but this week's pay cycle just ran out, meaning we can't get any more food there until this coming week. Groceries haven't been a realistic possibility with our income lately, so until then, we're out of luck (and food) this weekend. We've got twenty dollars in the bank to cover gas, but that's about it.

In addition to all of this, my mom suffers from a myriad of health issues, so between that and all of the stress from our financial situation, she feels absolutely miserable. I'm hoping that maybe some delicious pizza would at least take her mind off things and brighten up her day a bit.  Again, I feel awful asking for help,  but any at all would be greatly appreciated, and when we can afford it, we will definitely be able donate a pizza or two here. 

[request] single dad here. have my daughter this weekend (South Carolina)
i received once before from raop and i thank you, but i seem to have found myself at your mercy once again. up till Wednesday i had bout $30 to get me till payday. found out the hard way that businesses have up to a year to actually collect funds from a card purchase. it almost over-drafted my account but thankfully took some from my savings luckily saving me from a fee but also draining that as well. i am by no means probably the neediest person here, but today was another horrid day at my dead end job and some pizza love or hell even some kind words would help my mood. Again thank you all you everything you do here. 
verification code available if anyone wants it.
[REQUEST] Can't believe this username wasn't already taken. Orlando, FL
I've had a horrible week so far and just found out today that I won't be getting my financial aid disbursement till the first week of March. I could really use a pizza to chow down on tonight instead of staring at my pantry deciding on ramen noodles, or ramen noodles to eat. 

[request] No money, just moved to a new town. Haven't eaten anything today.
Third and final interview for a job tomorrow. Southaven, Mississippi
(REQUEST) my children are coming home after being gone 21 days and i would like to take them for pizza when they get here but i can not afford it
my children are coming home after being gone 21 days and i would like to take them for pizza when they get here but i can not afford it.  we are a family that  lives paycheck to paycheck and are often short on funds, with school starting next week we are truly in the hole.  I want to be able to sit down with my girls and talk about their trip without having to worry about anything.  Thank you.
[Request] Dad went out of town for a week and won't be home until tomorrow. Out of food and out of money anybody want to help out a hungry kid and his brother in Alabama.
Dad went on a business trip and left us with twenty dollars for the week along with some food. We have ran out of both the night before and we are hungry. Any help would be appreciated.
&lt;Request&gt; Pregnant Military Wife With No Food Or Cash Until Friday
Hi, my husband is a US Marine stationed in Camp Pendleton, CA. He left yesterday for a month long training op in preparation for his upcoming deployment to Afghanistan. I am 11 weeks pregnant and only have a package of Easy Mac and a can of soup to last until our pay check comes Friday. Anyone willing to help out would be greatly appreciated!!
[Request] San Francisco, CA Stuck at home with bran cereal
Oh, and I've got dog food. Would love it if someone got me some pizza. I would appreciate it so much. 
[Request]My bank balance as £-0.44. Terribly hungry in Scotland. 
I've been having a hard time recently and I'm unemployed but I'm not eligible for any welfare because I'm not British. I'm hardly managing to pay my rent and gas bills and it's freezing up her right now. Some pizza would go a long way tonight. I don't believe in karma, but I will pay it forward. 

I'll answer any questions here. 

Thanks. 
[Request from Cincinnati] Poem for a pizza. Give me a word, feeling, or situation and I'll write you a poem in exchange for a pizza.
If you don't like my poem, don't buy. I prefer the Papa.
[Request] [Iowa] My family has been having a pretty rough week, would like to lift their spirit's with a pizza.
Me and my brother have been sick, and my mother took the week off of work to take care of us, and my father has been working more to compensate.  
Everyone's pretty grumpy, so I figured a pizza would be nice!

[Request] Seattle college students broke and studying at school.
Hungry and would love some food but we're all broke and still working on homework. Any love for some Seattle students?
[Request] Laid off from my job today, want to break news to wife with pizza that was kindly donated.
Worked at a small software solutions company as a recruiter in HR. The company decided my position should have someone with more experience, and that meant I was no longer qualified for my job (was entry level, became 3+ yrs experience required). To make it worse, I was laid off 1 hour before the company handed out iPads to all the employees as a Christmas gift.

Edit:
Atlanta, GA
[Request] Baltimore, MD.. My boss didn't pay me like they said they would today.
I'm on my last dollar until they pay. Which completely blows. I'm a college student who has been going through a rough patch this year and a pizza would be nice.. :)

Thanks!

[REQUEST] Having a pretty rough day...
I guess I posted in the "wrong" RAOP...? I don't know... 

Either way, just having another rough day, completely broke, somewhat sick (so staving off any doctor visit, no insurance of course), behind on most bills... I'm looking at being caught up within the next two weeks, but today, pizza would soothe my rumbling tummy.


Let me know!
[Request] Pizza for starving college student?
Alas, greater education has taken many things from me, and one of those things is the ability to order pizza whenever. I won't have any money to buy pizza for a few weeks, since it's all going to tuition. Any kind souls willing to help me out?
[REQUEST] Small town no jobs and trying to make up for a few rough years.
Here is my story. My mother is finally done with getting treated for breast cancer but with all the treatments we have had to cut back on a few things. We never go out to eat and we try to limit our food usage because we need to save our money for getting two cars fixed and get a new/used car that my parents can use for work. My dad has his own business but he only does small things so not much money comes in that way. My mom gets up at 5 in the morning sometimes earlier so she can get extra hours to get more money and being in a small town I have gotten a job as a babysitter but need to keep missing days because I have teeth problems. I have to go back to school next year to finish the classes I missed from being in a very abusive relationship so more money will be put towards that. It would be nice if one day I came home with supper in hand for us and eat as a family. If anyone needs proof or knows more information then contact me I live in Ogema, WI and i am 18.

I have gotten help!
[Request] Kentucky - Trying to get some pizza for myself and my siblings while mom works late tonight.
Howdy out there, just a simple request; my mom is staying late tonight in an attempt to get ahead at the first of the month, and was wondering if I could get some pizza for my brother, sister and I. I would normally do something like this myself, but I haven't been able to nail down a job and between the three of us, there is about six dollars to split. :P If anyone could help out, I would greatly appreciate it.
[Request] Working late on my small startup, would really enjoy a pizza to accompany me on this long night of work.

[Request] Stuck at home after surgery and no food
So I'm a 19 year old guy who had colon surgery the other day. I've been stuck at home for a while and have depleted all of the microwavable food I've had. I must have eaten 10 packs of ramen over the past few days and a pizza would be great. If anyone is offering, it'd be greatly appreciated. 

EDIT: Just found out Domino's doesn't deliver to my house (I live too out of the way, I guess) and I can't leave because of the pain killers I'm on. Only place that delivers is Papa Ginos. Sorry for the inconvenience everyone. =/
[REQUEST] I'm low on dough, get paid in 7 days.
Straight up budgeted poorly and now I'm starving.

I'm in NYC, and would love a pick me up pizza pie from a fellow Redditor. 

Help me out with some of the delicious kind of dough.
[Request] Mesa, AZ. Sick with hunger and nothing much to eat. Will exchange some artwork for pizza! Album inside.
Tonight's one of those nights where my boyfriend and I are in a mighty funk about our bank account balance. I'm offering some artwork [in exchange for cheesy delight](http://imgur.com/a/u5lWD#0). If there's one-- maybe two-- items you'd like, reply or PM me. I can also make you a similar commission item. I do most things, as you can see there...

[plus My Little Pony...if you happen to be into that kind of thing.](http://fillyphalanx.tumblr.com/)
[request] Broke for the next two weeks in Orlando, FL.
One of those pay the bills or eat situations until I start my new job next week and get paid in three weeks. :(
[Request] Southern Minnesotan would love a pizza.
Just sitting at home on this lazy afternoon thinking of a nice pizza.
[Request] Can I get a pizza for no reason at Durham, NC? 
Just a college student trying to save some bucks. 

**Update:** 

**Cancelling the Request.**
Got too hungry and went ahead and ordered myself a pizza. Maybe next time I won't get so impatient  :) 
[Request] Hungry teenager to do anything of the silly variety
That's right folks, I'll do mostly anything silly for a taste of the greasy goodness. Parents are out of town and I'm flat broke, so I thought I'd try and give laughs in return for pizza. 

Fairbanks, Alaska area. Papa Johns, Dominos, or Pizza Hut would be most appreciated.
[Request] I've run out of food to cook and we won't have money for another week or two
My boyfriend recently crashed his car and its going to cost $500 to fix it. We also have to buy new tires which will be another $500. I'd be grateful for anything you guys can offer and I promise to pay it forward as soon as I can.
[Request] North Florida; I'm just broke and sad, some pizza would be nice :)
I'm overdrawn 18$ so I'm going to pawn some things tomorrow so I can get out of that hole (expensive fees, ya know?) and I get paid on the first, and I plan to pay it forward, but until then it'd be awesome if someone could help me out on something to eat! Rice and peanut butter is getting very old.

Just look at that [smile](http://imgur.com/D5wIpKC) just thinking of getting a hot cheesy pizza! :)
[Request] Camping out at Piada in Worthington Mall in Columbus, Ohio with 5 friends. We gotta stay here all night and only have a bag of grapes. Pizza would be cool if anyone's feelin awesome.
Camping out to win free piada for a year. I'll take you with me if you send me pizza thanks
[request] [Central Pennsylvania] I've been out of work for almost 4 1/2 months because of layoffs and have been reduced to ramen ever since. no family nearby, my savings account is at $0, and I would really like to eat something solid tonight.
all of my money is going to bills, ramen, and food for my dog, hell, he's eating better than me most likely.
[Request] I'd really like a Pizza! (UK, Kent)
I have no sob story, and I do have food here. However Pizza is out of my budget right now and I won't be getting any money until next week and I'd really love a Cheese and Tomato Pizza from Domino's!

The cheapest order for delivery at Domino's is £8.50, which I'd be overjoyed with! Or they are doing an offer for any pizza, any size, for £10

I really like the idea of this community and I'm hoping I can contribute back when I have the funds to do so :)

Thanks very much if you do decide to contribute! **Don't forget I'm in the UK, Kent!**
[REQUEST] Pizza for our DnD group! Michigan
DnD group is getting rather hungry from adventuring, would really appreciate some pizza!

Can prove with pictures if need be.
[Request] Been sick all week; worked 12 hours today; have house guest and husband at home that I would love to treat... and not have to cook for.
That's it.  Been sick all week... called out during the week but had to work today - 12 hours.  Husband has been laid off.  House guest is staying with us for a couple days before he goes to an ashram for several months.  I'm tired and really don't want to have to cook dinner tonight after my commute home... but also don't have the cash available for take out.  Will spread your kindness!
In Berkeley, CA.
[Request]Go home, I'm drunk.
Just a little bit. Enough to be seriously craving pizza, and be terrible at CAPTCHA. 

I'm in Massachusetts, USA -  watching futurama &amp; dreaming about pizza. 
[request] cinci, Ohio. Broke and in need of dinner for game of thrones tonight.

[Request] Islip, NY.  Would love a pizza to raise my spirits.
Hey all you wonderful redditors! I'm a 21m here and my girlfriend of almost 3 years broke up with me last night.  I'm too poor to go out anywhere (55 cents in my account) and was wondering if someone could make my day (and stomach) a bit happier with some food? I'll be sure to pay back the favor when I'm in a better situation!
[Request] There is no good pizza in Christchurch, New Zealand. 
&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

[Request] Seattle -- Waiting for pay day in a few days and a pizza tonight could really help kick off our work week right!
My fiancee and I are waiting for our paydays in a few days (woohoo, her first one in a while!) and we're both working tomorrow. As money is kinda short right now, we'd love it if someone would treat us to pizza tonight so we could go to work tomorrow with memories of delicious, delicious noms. And, we'll be more than happy to reciprocate!
[Request] [Central Florida] - Looking for a pizzahut pizza if you can, slim pickings in the freezer and no money...
Well, Hello RAOP! 

Not one to normally request things from others but I am desperately craving a pizza :/ All I have at my disposal is a shrimp alfredo lean cuisine (ack?). Bank is actually at a negative balance thanks to the fees that are imposed monthly.. sigh... lol... A pizzahut Pizza would really be appreciated! 

Thanks Reddit!

will pm verification to offer-er if they want it!

[Request] Wallet was stolen and have no money for food.
Ate my last packet of ramen for dinner yesterday and am very hungry. Would love a pizze, Dominos is in the area, everything else is closed by now.

Edit for location: Marin, CA
[request] sad and lonely birthday, lyon, france
hey, this is my birthday tonight, i'm looking for a friend, someone who can bring some happiness in my heart. what better way than a pizza ?

will food be my only friend tonight ?
[Request] Oregon, USA: Just arrived at a family member's house with 3 kids, hungry and have no money, would greatly appreciate some pizza for tonight 
Any will do, we're all just so hungry. I heard about RAOP from the Culture of Reddit video, and this part touched me big time. Hoping to see if Reddit will help us out- we're sure to return the favor when we get some money. 
[Request] UK Moving home , got no money left for food.
Tomorrow I am moving home and it is a scrape to do but for health reasons I have to move away from this particular home. I have no money to buy food until Thursday (I get paid then).

Hopefully someone will be able to help me out tonight if not then thanks anyway.


Sadly getting to the point where I only have a couple hours left to do anything ( I have to get to bed early ish so I can get up early to move. If I can get anyone to help in the next 2 hours or 3 that would be awesome.


Well thanks anyways guys :). It was a long shot but thanks. Even though I didnt get pizza's it dont matter 
(Request) not gonna lie just really hungry. If its a random act of pizza I think today would be good day for pizza, stuck in school if that helps my chances 

[Request] I'm just craving for some pizza &amp; low on money. CT area!
I'm just really hungry and low on cash right now. Will pay it forward once I get my money. Thank you. :)


EDIT: PensiveShadows saved me from a night of hunger.You're awesome&lt;3. :)
[REQUEST] Sick kid's turn for dinner
Hey guys I'm   college student who lives in a small apartment with my friend and twin brother. We take turns cooking/buying dinner for each other and it's my turn tonight. I've been sick all weekend and would normally just order a pizza, but I instead had to spend my cash on prescriptions and my doctor's visit. If anyone could help out it'd be great. I can prove the doctor's visit and meds via PDF. I live in Tempe Arizona and it would mean the world to me if I could not break this tradition that we have in our apartment.
[Request] Been sober for a year today. Would like to celebrate with my family
I have been clean for a year and I'm still trying to get my life back together. My mother has been my rock through all of this and I would like to have a nice family dinner tonight. There's no way I could ever repay her for everything she has done for me. I want to thank her for having a hand in my sobriety as well as never giving up on me. If someone could help my family have a nice meal today, I promise to post pictures. Please help make my 1 year clean a real celebration. 

We are in Des Moines, Iowa. If you're in the area, you're more than welcomed to join us. Thank you.
[Request] Student loan disaster
I'm currently in my second year of a Computer Science degree at the University of Maryland.  I've been living on loans and a part-time job for the summer, but due to a paperwork screw-up I'm currently between loans.  On top of THAT I had to sink 500 bucks into my beater car to replace the brake pads.  I'm down to about 100 dollars on my credit limit and 30 bucks in my debit account - just crossing my fingers each day that I hear back from the financial aid office.  I'm so sick of ramen day in and day out, and I spend minutes at a time fantisizing about a fresh, hot pizza.  It would make me feel so much better.
[REQUEST] Danvers, MA USA Starving Artist needs pizza! 
Hey everyone!
So I am in the band Sleep City and we have been recording our new cd for a little while now. Before I went into the studio I didn't have a job so I had very little money for food. Right now I have eaten Ramen for the past week and I've had enough! If anyone could send me a pizza I will be forever grateful. Too much ramen intake makes Kevin a dull boy. PLEASE SAVE ME www.facebook.com/sleepcityrock
[Request] broke brother &amp; sister college students with no food left in the house
I'm currently unemployed and a full time nursing student, going to school with my sister. We both come from a poor family, we have no help from our parents, but we try and support each other. We're running low on food and we could use a nice hot meal.  Just for full disclosure, my sister and I have received pizza from RAOP about 4 or 5 months ago. All we have in the house is rice and beans, so any pizza with a lot of veggies would be nice.

Thank you. 

Also, here is proof of my lack of money: http://i.imgur.com/yPF5KMX.png
[REQUEST] Iowa USA Moving out no time to cook
I'm currently in the process of moving out today and I am literally dead broke, my parents are refusing to put any of my money into my bank account so I'd face overdrafting charges. Could someone possibly spare a pizza for me? :)
[REQUEST] Broke college student, would absolutely love a pizza! (Metro Detroit)
Hello!  I have been considering making a request on here for a while so I decided today that I would actually do it!  This was motivated by paying my rent online today and seeing my bank balance shrink (eep), so having one less dinner to worry about would be really nice.  

Right now everything that I am paying is coming out of my student loans since I was unable to find a summer job, and it is stressing me out.  A pizza would just make me feel better! 

I will of course try to pay it forward as soon as I can, let's hope that one of these job applications works out~  Thanks for reading, RAOP!
(Request)Roommate's unemployment ran out, and I'm strapped for the next week with no food in the fridge.  Help?
Pretty much like the title says. Things are pretty grim around here, and some pizza could really brighten the day (or night, as it is...) 

I hope I'm doing this right. I've never been in this position before.

Oh, and I'm in North Texas.
[REQUEST] (CA, USA) Sick and unable to eat proper food until at least next week, been craving a pizza 
I just got my wisdom teeth taken out, and thanks to the drugs, bleeding, and swollen cheeks, I pretty much can't do anything except stay inside or sleep. I can't even watch TV or be on the computer that much, because my head hurts if I stare at the screen too much. I'm constantly bombarded with pictures of good food (unhealthy food) on Facebook, Twitter, and of course Reddit, and I would love to have a pizza to celebrate my healing process (whenever that might be). I don't have a sob story to tell, but I'm low on cash and have to pay my credit card off soon anyways. Any sort of pizza flavored goodness would be appreciated. 

If you want, I could write you a poem, send you a photo of something (within reason, I'm not talking gonewild material here), record some guitar playing, or something like that. Just let me know, I'm not doing much with my time anyways.
[Request]I won't lie to you, I'm in no desperate need
I'm not going to come up with some sob story, I'm not going to make you feel bad for me. 
I'm a guy at work, hungry for pizza, and have no cash. I packed a lunch, but I dropped it on the floor and now am underfed. Not like I'm starving or anything, I had a few snacks. I would just really like a small pizza. 

Any takers for an honest hungry guy?
[Request]  Feed an author, please!
I'm starting a new job Sunday, don't have any money, and my internet and cellphone will probably be cut off within a week.  I'm going to school so I'll be getting my loan money within the month, but for now I'm cranky and hungry.

I'm an author, so I'll be willing to either pay you back by buying a pizza when my money comes in or including you as a cameo in my next book...  or even writing a short story based around any subject you'd like.  For an example of my writing: [My first published book!](http://www.amazon.com/Spliced-Bloodsoak-Chronicles-ebook/dp/B00795J83O/ref=sr_1_17?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1359074784&amp;sr=8-17&amp;keywords=Spliced!)
[Request]-Poor college student who could really use a Pizza
Father has cut me off completely, refuses to pay for my final semester in school have been searching for jobs in LA for the past 2 months with no luck. I've sold most of my video games, music equipment and just about everything of value for food, but have finally run out of things to sell. Am finally giving up and will be flying to Florida next week to stay with my mother find a job and save up so I can return to school.

I would be eternally grateful if anyone could help me out with a pizza :)
[REQUEST] i offer humble haiku for pizza. Jaded snarkiness is no extra charge.
Since this is the interwebs and my sincere story could be nothing more than a grand facade to gain free grinds, I can offer nothing more than the hopeful ideation on your part that I am indeed in need of some savory cheesy, saucy laden goodness. I will save my sad-story for my own self when i cry myself to sleep tonight.

It will keep my recently low-spirits to rejuvenate in the fact that the world is not in fact filled with greedy corporate douche-bags who seek to crush me under their boot. Tomorrow is another day, but tonight a pizza will bring me temporary shelter from the bastards who seek to bring me down. or something.

In the hope of oven-baked goodness, I offer these haiku:

&gt; Stomach growling loud  
&gt; Oh, Random Acts of Pizza  
&gt; Deliver me hope  

&gt; ~~Hearken~~ my pizza prayer.  
&gt; Praise be to pepperoni!   
&gt; Never anchovy!  

ps. i'm in Honolulu and Pizza Hut is open late! :)

pss. it appears im a shitty haiku writer. dammit. :(

(Request) No money for lunch today, long rehearsal after school. I'd love to sink into some cheesey Papa John's!
Had a small breakfast this morning, but after 10 hours at school, and nothing besides sandwiches at home, I'd really enjoy a pizza if anyone's willing. :)

If not, thanks anyways!
[REQUEST] No sob-story, just looking to be a link in the chain!
I have a huge hankering for pizza, but because of my poor self-control (whoops!) in following my budget in my new monthly-paying job, I'm running on change until Friday.

I have been craving pizza for a while now, but have been holding off for a long time because of my weight loss goals. Now that I've lost 50lbs (thanks /r/keto!), I'm giving myself a little leeway.

I think this subreddit is an awesome idea. Folks don't always need a good reason to want a pizza, and sometimes it's nice to indulge the cravings of others. I will most certainly throw up an offer this weekend, regardless of whether I'm gifted one here.

Cheers and good luck, fellow pizza-seekers!

PS: I will also gladly record voicemail greetings (and other similar stuff) with my velvety voice to show my gratitude. Here's one I did a couple years ago on the street for a random person: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7shkhGnPVZo

EDIT: Forgot location! Quincy, MA.
[Request]ing a pie in NYC. Right near FIT. Day off. Bored. Really broke.
Hoping to get a pizza before I just go to the library without eating anything today :)

love and pizza
Dom

[REQUEST] Mesa, AZ. two hungry gals
Me and my roommate are broke till we get paid tomorrow at 2pm. got a empty fridge and no money. Plan to pay it forward. also willing to draw a picture of something you like(pizza0.o)
[Request] Moving day, want to treat friends.
Today my friends are helping my mom and I to a new house. I would love to get them some pizza for their hard work later today.
[Request] A bit tight, looking for something besides carbs and fish.
College student, just got gainfully employed but don't start until a week from now and won't get paid until end of month. The other job I work has a check in the mail but it'll be close to a week until it gets here, clears the bank, and I can get some food in the apartment. I'm working from a 6 month budget that had a $2000 shortfall. Sad thing is that I'm already one pizza behind in paying it forward. I have a couple wrinkled potatoes, frozen potato stuff, frozen fish, a little frozen fruit, about 10 eggs, some rice, a little bit of frozen peas, one packet of kool-aid and some coffee, and a box of macaroni and I can't eat any more of that stuff without puking - I just can't force any more of it down my throat like I have been the past two weeks. I had my laundry money planned out for this month to the quarter only to find the landlord increased cost per load by 50% without telling anyone so I'm tapped out of cash. I have maybe 20 miles left in the tank to get back and forth to work and then to the bank to cash my paycheck (that's still in the mail and won't arrive until Monday or Tuesday depending on the whims of the mail service).

I know there are people in worse shape but if someone would be so kind as to send one my way? I know it's too late tonight but tomorrow, perhaps?
[Request] Behind on bills and have spent months with nothing more exciting than hot dogs and KD in NS, Canada.
Like the title says I'm in a tight spot and could really use a warm pizza to lift my spirits and give me a break from KD. As it stands I won't be able to both pay bills and afford groceries when I get paid so this would be a huge boost. I'm a long time redditor and am happy to PM you from my main account to verify this as well as provide any other info you would like.   
[Request] When you are giving out your random acts this week; can you please support fellow reddit communities by supporting eSports? Papa Johns is running a promotion this week to test the waters of supporting competitive gaming. SAVE 50% ON PIZZA by ordering through www.pizza.gg &lt;3
Hello Random Acts Of Pizza. 

I come to you with an odd request. It is not to receive a pie, but for help.  

**By ordering your Papa John's Pizza from www.pizza.gg you can save 50% and support the growing industry of competitive gaming.**  

What is competitive Gaming? Competitive Gaming, or eSports, is a growing industry that has received a huge boom in viewership over the last few years with the advent of new Internet streaming services. Professionals on teams get paid to play games like /r/starcraft /r/leagueoflegends /r/DotA2 at the highest caliber. They battle it out in [tournaments](http://www.dota2.com/international/announcement/) for millions of dollars year round.  

Millions of people watch this content every week. However we do not have sponsorship money coming in from Coke, Honda, Mcdonalds, or other mainstream companies. Papa John's is a serious contender in an effort to get more lifestyle sponsors into our growing industry. This is their first major fore into our industry. They are dipping their toes in. We want to blow their expectations away.  

If even a few of you make your papa john's orders by going through www.pizza.gg this week it will mean a lot to me and a bunch of other redditors. Thank you  

tl;dr Save 50% help some dudes out who like to watch professional video games
[Request] Tomorrow's rainy forecast is perfect for staying in and eating a pizza.
Hey RAoP!

Tomorrow (Sunday Sept 22) is my only day off of work for the next 3 weeks. I would really enjoy being lazy and not having to cook, and with the rainy day that its supposed to be a pizza would be fantastic.

Will use Verification System.

I'm off to sleep for now, have a good night everyone!

[REQUEST] Hungry in phx AZ broke until next thursday
Been eating ramen the past few days seeing if this would work, would truly be appreciated.   
[REQUEST] College roommate whos a non redditor doesnt believe this is real
[US] ohio
Request: Today was my daddy's funeral, he died Wednesday morning. We took care of him when he was dxed with 4th stge lunch cancer in late May. I said my goodbyes to Daddy in July. Daddy and I were very close. I am at peace with our goodbye...ok its just us three...no family near us 

but we have no one in our life here to offer to feed us tonight.  I would LOVE for you to feed us this night with your gift of the following:
1 large pepperoni and sausage pizza med crust for my- Hubby and Son
I would like a medium veggie heavy on veggies pizza ...thin crust , extra sauce :)
 you are interested in doing this ...we have a pizza hut and other pizza places in our area that are healthier....let me know how you want to do this
Thank you and please know we will return the same energy next month to someone...we are it...us three...we have no one to grieve with or to feed us tonight on a night of sadness and grief to do this :)
No scam...Let me know if you want to see the obit

[REQUEST]Single dad of 2 looking for a little help. (MO)
First off, yes this is a new account. I've lurked around various subreddits for some time but I've never felt like I had anything to add. More of a reader than a talker I suppose. Anyways, my children's mother surprised me by dropping the kids off this morning, as she felt going to the lake with a new bf was important enough to warrant me taking a day off of work with no notice. I was supposed to have them this weekend, so I wasn't really prepared grocery wise. (None of this is her concern, but that whole thing is a story for a different subreddit.) If someone would like to make a couple of kids day a little better by giving them something besides ramen and toast, that would be great. I'm not creating this account just for this..I've been meaning to for a while and plan on posting a lot more, as well as paying this forward. Thanks for reading.

UPDATE: Thank you newchel. You're an awesome person.
[Request] Hungry UK couple
My partner and I are currently both out of work, sleeping on a mates floor, and for the past few months have never had more than 50 pounds to our name each week. 

I was  severely unwell on a day I had an appointment at the job centre last week,  and would have been paid our meagre amount to live on  yesterday, but due to my illness we will not have any money for at least four more days until the job centre process their paperwork. 

We have 1 pound in coppers, and half a bag of rice to survive on, but could really do with a wholesome meal to keep us going for the next few days, especially as I have a job interview tomorrow for which I do not want to be a weak mess.  Any kind of offer will be greatly appreciated and thanks for reading.
[REQUEST] Toronto Canada - two people looking for a good pizza
Hi, we're not broke but not living a kings life either, very far from it. we are just feeling a little lethargic today and having a pizza delivered would be amazing, but pay day isn't until friday. We would love to have a pizza and will pay it forward come the weekend when pay has been received. We may have some herb that is inducing such cravings and laziness at the same time as well, so this really would be awesome! Help a friend out ya kno
{request} hungry and helpless
i recently lost my job and i havent been able to find work recently my car broke down and ive had to walk everywhere my money has run out a couple weeks ago and im out of food i havent eaten in a couple days and i really need some help. anything is appreciated god bless
[REQUEST] Help Me To Treat My Girlfriend Tomorrow Evening (UK)
My girlfriend's going in to hospital midday tomorrow for a certain "procedure", which means as of this morning she's fasting and only permitted to consume clear liquids. I'm unfortunately out of work and in recent weeks she's been working hard to support the both of us and I'm really grateful and proud of her and would love to treat her once this is over tomorrow evening, but the sad fact is that I simply can't afford to do so. Help me to give her a small treat that I feel she deserves.  
  
Picture of the lovely meds that she's got to take in preparation for tomorrow:  
http://i.imgur.com/64OR9.jpg
[Request] Dinner for someone with a bleak future? (Exceedingly long story in comments)
Edit: I'm sorry, I forgot to say I live in Minnesota, USA.

Hey everyone, I'd really enjoy a full stomach tonight, my future is looking extremely down, but I have the next four days to enjoy, I'll share my story, it's a little lengthy, but you certainly deserve to know why I'm asking for a meal tonight.

The sparknotes version is that my Dad passed away when I was young, too young to really remember anything about him other then he loved Star Trek. After that, my Mom remarried a man, who was very abusive. We lived on for about a year and then my Mom passed away. Both of my parents had cancer, I don't know if I do or not, I'm not 100% sure on how the genetics work with something like that.

Anyways, I lived with him for about two years until I moved in with a family from a church. They were in their mid 50's, not at all a good age to raise a 12 year old apparently. They were beyond abrasive to me and just wasn't a good fit, but I had no choice. After about three years I moved up north with a family for about four months when they decided they were too young and busy for me. They were in their late twenties and they had just had two kids, again, not a good fit. I was kicked out on a moments notice had my aunt pick me up and drive me back to the cities. My aunt then proceeded to drop me off at her apartment and tell me that no one in my family is willing to take me in. I waited on the curb with all of my stuff, calling friends, until one of their families wanted to take me in. I lived with them for about two years until they decided they needed to move to Iowa, they offered to take me with, but I declined because a friend in school wanted me to graduate with him. I lived there until I graduated.

About a week after I graduated, they had a death in the family and needed to use my room for company. I could certainly understand, so I moved into a place where a guy owns a house and just rents out rooms, found on craigslist. Being seventeen, I didn't have much of an option because most apartment buildings wouldn't allow me to move in being underage.

I started working at a game store that I loved right near by where I lived, it was a place where I would put in like 40-60 hours a week, sometimes paid for overtime, most of the time not. I loved that store, but a year after I started, the store had to close down due to investor issues. I had about a week's notice and the closing day was the day before Christmas Eve. I was unemployed for a few months until I started working at another game store, but they lasted about four months after I started working there. 

Currently, I'm working at a Car Wash while trying to get into something with gaming. I'm not aiming to make it though, I'm in debt to my landlords and I don't make nearly enough money to pay it back currently. I was a bright student, but I've had no opportunity to go to college or anything, I don't have the safety net of a family.

My phone is going to be turned off any minute, I owe Redbox money for a rental that I can't repay (Another stupidly long story), and I owe my landlord $525.00 on Sunday, and I currently have about $4 to my name. I have no where to turn for help, I'm just trying to enjoy the days I have left.

If someone would be willing to make tonight a great night by buying me a meal, I'd be forever grateful. 

Thanks for reading, any words of encouragement would be appreciated too.
[REQUEST] Plodding through my dissertation, would appreciate some sustenance while I work! - UK
My word count has stalled and I'm getting grumpy. Some pizza would really cheer me up!
[Request] Suffered a bad back spasm and am having trouble moving about. Really would prefer delivery tonight instead of trying to cook.
Basically what the title says, I had a back spasm this morning and after seeing my trainer and having a little stim therapy I have barely left bed all day. Go ahead and give to that guy who lost his job first I'm sure he needs it more than I do but if you have pizza to spare I would truly appreciate it.
[Request] Michigan, USA No paycheck until tomorrow and I've got munchies like mad. Can someone help me out?

Would like to request a pizza if possible.
Live on very limited income just can't afford a pizza right now and would love to have a pizza.
[Request] Can't play pokemon without pizza..
Sitting around playing pokemon emerald, thought that a pizza would be really nice right around now. I live in the Utah Valley area, if you are interested
[REQUEST] Pregnant, desperately craving something cheesy and savory...but on a strict "WE MUST MAKE ALL OUR FOOD AT HOME FROM NOW ON TO SAVE MONEY FOR THE BABY" diet :( [Los Angeles]
I'm 15 weeks pregnant with my very first little munchkin and I am just going *nuts* for anything salty and savory. Unfortunately, my SO and I have committed to making all our food at home with whatever we have on hand (to save up for this baby of ours). None of the ingredients we have include pizza ingredients. But we *do* have an abundance of peanut butter, jelly, and bread which is the exact opposite of what I've been craving. We don't know if it's a girl or a boy yet (we know in 8 days!), but an old wives' tale says that if you're craving sweets it's a girl, but if you're craving salty things it's a boy :)
[Request] Appleton, WI.  College student writing term paper, no meal swipes left...
I'm writing a term paper for my Cultural Anthropology class.  It's about Hasidic Jews, and how they interact with the secular world in selective ways, as well as how Hasidic girls try to fit in by selectively imitating secular women.  It's long and rough...  
    I don't have any meal swipes left and am out of money in my bank account until I go back home and work some more.  I would greatly appreciate a pizza...  And if you are interested I could send you a copy of my essay.  for late night reading i guess.
{request} Some pizza would be loved
I don't have a sob story. I'm hungry as hell and would really love the taste of pizza. I WILL pay it forward, post a picture, verify my email. what ever you would like to do. Please and thank you!
[REQUEST] Arizona USA Broke and out of ramen
Looking for a generous Redditor to get us a pizza tonight. Wish I could give something back but can only offer pics of our [kittens](http://imgur.com/a/zff2c)
Just realized the gray one looks as if it died seconds before taking the picture. Rest assured it's alive and adorable. Thanks.
[Request] Seattle pizza for a recently laid off worker
Recently laid off and up on Capitol Hill, have my dog keeping me company for these very depressing last few days. Made a big pot of spaghetti four days ago that I have been reheating to eat for breakfast lunch and dinner while I wait for unemployment to kick in and pizza would be a nice change, I will return the favor once I am on my feet again in a few weeks, there is a Pizza Hut nearby. Anything helps :)
[Request] Scientific Studies Prove that Pizza can Help Lessen a Bad Mood (Pizza desired in Dahlonega, Georgia)
First of all, I just wanted to say that I love pizza, more than life itself. It would make things just a little better, especially with how things are for us right now. 

Things have been spiraling downward lately. Me and my girlfriend were both laid off from our jobs, and since we had no money we were evicted from our apartment. We had friends willing to help us out, but they ALL told us at the last minute that they'd changed their minds. We ended up having to stay with my girlfriend's abusive parents (which was a nightmare in itself), and they decided to kick us out. On Christmas day nonetheless. 

We're staying with a friend now while we look for jobs. I'm not sure how long we can stay here even if we do get jobs, but I do know that having a pizza would make this whole mess a little more bearable.
[Request] Starving College Student
I am sure there are a ton of starving college students out there, but I am practically at my lowest right now. After the rent and bills, I have $10 dollars in my bank account. I work at an organic chemistry stockroom, and the higher ups are constantly finding a way to lower the amount of hours I can write on my time sheet. I work more than 40 hours a week, and I can only put in 20 hours. So all my financial plans from the beginning of the Summer went down the drain... I am hungry, and I would love some comfort food.

So that's my story. It would be nice to hear from anyone right now. Thanks for listening.
[Request] Laid off and in need!
Was recently laid off, applied for unemployment last month, however due to the waiting week and a dispute from the company that laid me off, I won't be getting paid for another week! I'm down to 50 cents and a single pack of ramen noodles. Just trying to be able to eat! Help please!
[Request][Glasgow, UK] Hungry, sick, and coveting pizza.
Hi Reddit.

I hate asking for charity. But it's been a rough couple of weeks. I have no money for the next couple of days, no way of earning more that quickly, and not much food bar some baked beans in the fridge.

On top of that, I'm ill. Not Beastie Boys ill, 'all my joints hurt and my hands won't stop shaking, I hate flu' ill. I should emphasise that I'm not starving, though. It's not 'please send me pizza, I have nothing to eat', it's 'please send me pizza, I don't want to have to eat the same terrible cheap food for the next couple of days'.

And it is written, man cannot live on beans alone, so I was hoping one of you might be generous enough to help me out. The full sob story's available on request if you're interested, plus pictures or whatever verification. Thanks for reading.
[request] Completely broke in California 
My father is a Long haul truck driver and just lost his job, and he is stuck in Maryland. Im here in california with no food, just ran out of flour that I was making "buiscuts" ie. Water + flour. help me out please, and I will help someone else when the cash comes in. Just turned 18, and yes, I've been looking for a JOB! Ive been lurking reddit for a very long time. I feel kind of bad that this is the reason I finally joined.
[Request]Jacksonville, requesting pizza for me and brother.
I'm residing in Jacksonville, Fl. and my parents are out of town for the week. Im with my 8 year old brother and we don't have much unexpired food aside from ramen noodles. I don't have any physical money(at least not enough to order food) and it would be nice to be able to order pizza for ourselves. Obviously this is a somewhat trivial situation and there are people who's situations deserve to be prioritized over this but if you are in a situation where we are the ideal choice that would be awesome. 
Edit: Has received pizza from the lovely redditor, makoswimmer &lt;3
[REQUEST] Calgary, Canada. Had an unfortunate day, would love some pizza 
Forgot my wallet on a bus with 120 in cash and my debit card, could really use and appreciate a RAoP.

[Request] Broken elbow, broke, and armed with sugar, frozen chicken, and baking soda until Friday.
As a rock climber and guitarist, I've been bummed out since I screwed up my elbow ten days ago. I'm behind on rent, bills, and loans already, forgot about automatic bill pay this Monday, and I am overdrafted until my low-pay check on Friday. [Can't get this melancholy but beautiful song out of my head](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQ5isLBu_To).

Chicken is nice, and these are definitely First World (Boston) college student troubles. My light at the end of the tunnel is a comp sci Bachelor's (and job?) in December, but, man, pizza sounds like pure love right now.


[Request] Started the day with Banking troubles, has not gotten better
So i woke up this morning to an Email saying that my Netflix account (Which I was under the impression was cancelled) charged to my bank account which only had $0.45 in it at the time. 

Tried calling the bank to settle this matter, but according to them since I had them help me with this before (one that happened because THEY charged me monthly maintenance fees that had never happened before) I was not eligible for them to waive my overdraft fee of $30. So now my account is -$40.16. Luckily I convinced them to stop, and my parents were nice enough to cover the fees for now.

tl;dr- my day has been a non stop shit show, and a pizza would bring tears of joy to my eyes. I will supply pics of tears of joy if needed.
[Request] I was laid off from my job 2 weeks ago and still have been unsuccessful in finding work. I have $4.57 in my bank account and am literally starving.
This is my first RAoP post, so I don't really know what else to say...Guess I'll start here: I moved to Philadelphia in August and got a job at Ruth's Chris Steakhouse, but I got laid off right before Thanksgiving because of over-hiring. I've yet to get any good reception from the places I've applied at, its at the point where all I have to eat right now is ramen and stale Tostitos. I tried filing for unemployment but since I'm not yet a PA resident (originally from South Jersey) I'm ineligible. 

My roommates have been giving me food but I feel bad mooching off of them for so long, and I'd like to be able to give them some food for a change. That's where you guys come in. 

Well, that's about it. Thanks for reading.
[Request] My live-in girlfriend and I had a mild argument.
How about a pizza to break the ice?
[Request] Parents on vacation, ran out of food
I don't get paid until next week and my parents left me little food to work with before they left on vacation. I've been eating eggs nearly everyday since thats all there really is to cook in my kitchen. They come back on Sunday and I'm all out of eggs. It's been a depressing 3 weeks and a pizza is all I'm craving to celebrate surviving on eggs this whole time.  
[Request] Homeless in Alabama. A pizza would really help the two of us out. 
My friend, also a redditor, and I have been homeless for the last few weeks together. We have been having to shoplift what food we can and we've begged change. We have a steady location for the next 24 hours or so.

Anyone out there that can help us out? It would be greatly appreciated. We've been surviving on next to nothing for the past week.

Thanks. 
[Request] Very broke until Friday and hungry for pizza Pittsburgh, PA
EDIT: Pizza has been received. I will post pictures as soon as I stuff my face.


[Request] California USA! 
I have been hard at work trying to catch I_rape_cats and would like some pie to feed myself and the two other rapist catchers. 

Just kidding, were not really looking for I_rape_cats! My kids and I are at home and would love some pie. Its about dinner time and when asked they said they wanted pizza. We just spent our "Entertainment" money on stuff for our foster dog that we took in from a local private dog shelter. He is a shy dog and was beaten severely so were trying to make him in to a vital part of our pack so he can someday be adopted by a family that needs a loving kind dog. 

Lets not get stuff twisted, we have food and will not starve. However, we would like to get some pizza. 

Thanks to everyone that offers anyone pizza on here. each and everyone of you make a difference in someones day. 
[Request] Two broke college students trying to run our own business and failing. Miami, FL.
I am a college student getting ready to graduate in a few months. I started working with my colleague a year ago in weddings to make money on the side. 

Long story short things have not been working out for us very well. We haven't signed off any new clients, bills are starting to rack, and a pizza would go a long way for us. 
REQUEST:Pizza for family night
Me and my family never spend time together so i want to try and get a pizza,watch a movie and talk about our day
[REQUEST] On a budget, looking for a break from simple sandwiches
Now, I'm not poor, per se. Yes, there's currently $5 in my bank account total, but I'm not wanting for food. I stocked up at the store and I have enough to eat.

That being said, I'm sick of it. Everything I have is based on sandwiches. Ham on wheat. Eggs on wheat. Peanut butter and jelly... on wheat.

I've got enough food and I don't have a particularly rough life, so I'd hate to argue for the front of the queue of this font of generosity, but...

... if anyone wants to help me have a hot delicious meal as opposed to an acceptable room temperature meal... it'd lift my spirits.

Thank you very much for your consideration.
[request] Virginia USA needs a pizza 
I am hungry
[Request] Will dubstep the song of your choice for pizza! (Cape Cod, MA)
im an aspiring music producer/college student... a broke, hungry one :/ check out my work here. i will remix the song of your choice in exchange for a pizza.
http://soundcloud.com/mindcntrl
[REQUEST] no electricity. Hot. Starving.
My electric has been off for almost two weeks now. My boyfriend and I are struggling really hard. Just spent the last little bit I had on dog food and haven't eaten for quite some time. The depression is killing up and we would appreciate a pizza even if it's dark and 90 degrees to lift our spirits
[Request] Pizza for people that just ran 5k!
YES we just finished running our first ever 5K run around Arthur's seat in Edinburgh!!!! we are pretty knackered and need to regain the calories we lost running up those massive arthur hills in the scottish chilly breeze, my friends ears popped too so the experience wasnt so good for her at times. We would like some pizza please

thank you kindly!
[Request] My co-worker's cousin is away for college. She is having financial issues and could use some pizza.
Folks I need your help. My co worker has a cousin that is having a setback with Financial Aid. Her cousin has not eaten in 3 days. I know for fact my co-worker would not lie to us, we are a very close-knit department part of a major company. I have already [sent](http://i.imgur.com/i11XkFu.png) a Pizza Hut Gift Card for $25 and a few of us have already donated. Anything you would like to share as well would be appreciated. 

She does not know I am posting this here, nor does she know what reddit is. 
[REQUEST] I'm forever broke and have ran out of food (UK)
So here I am, I'm jobless and literally have no money to my name. I get £80 every 2 weeks from Job Seekers Allowance thanks to water supplier taking a chunk too, also I have to pay all the bills and well having done that I had little money for food and needless to say I have ran out and I am desperate as I don't get paid for a few days.
If someone would be kind enough to help me out I will love them forever and try and repay their kindness as soon as I can.
REQUEST- At home with son with no food
I don't get my check from work until Friday. My son is 8, and a pizza would fill us up today and lunch tomorrow until my mom can loan me some money. My brother just told me about this site. I hope someone could help us out. I'm also stuck at home with no car. I hope this works because it would mean a lot to my son Tyler. 
[REQUEST] Kingsport, TN USA - Would love to chill with a pizza while hanging out with my crazy (in a cool way) mom.
My mom's disabled and I lost my job about 2 months ago now.  We live from my unemployment check at the moment. I'm very grateful to even get that much, but it doesn't go very far.  I'm job hunting like a mad man right now but no luck.  A pizza right now would seriously lift our spirits, it's been a hard few weeks and a few canned veggies to munch on until my next check a few days away is hard going.

I'll do whatever is needed to verify whatever you want.  Not sure I could stand on my head and take a pic or anything like that, not very physically fit. &lt;3

[Request] Would enjoy some pizza. Have nothing in the pantry, so I must eat some of the god's intended dish.
Hello. This is my first time on this subreddit, because I usually have enough money to order, but this time, I don't. So thanks to anybody who is a fellow pizza-lover, and pizza on!
[Request]- Waukegan, IL
Hello there, I am a single parent who's been ravaged by this 5 day blackout here in Waukegan.  I've had to empty hundreds of dollars worth of food from my once cold refrigerator.  My kids are constantly asking for take-out however I cannot afford it.  I would be greatly appreciative of anyone who could help a family in need out.  We were ravaged by storms recently which have left us in a 5 day blackout as of yet.  I hope some redditer reads this and has sympathy for our situation.  Willing to provide pics of our empty fridge and our neighborhood in the morning when there is light to see the devastation.
  I hope all is well with the community and wish everyone a good night.

[Request] wife's b-day, she worked all day in a NON-AC building, help me make her evening special?
I tried this once before with no luck.. figured I'd give it another shot. Thanks for your time!
[Request] (SoCal) Out of ramen, Kraft macaroni, and popcorn. Would be grateful for some pizza.
Hey all, student in southern California here, and I'm pretty short on cash for now. I've been limiting myself to a meal of macaroni/ramen a day to save some money. A 'za would be pretty bomb-diggity right now, as would be the kind person who might lend me a hand in this scenario. Much gratitude to anyone who considers -- I'm hoping one day I'll be the one in a position to give out pizzas here. Thanks for reading.
[Request] Full time Student Graduating next month In desperate need of something to eat!
Financial Aid ran out a few month's back, been borrowing money and selling everything I own just to make ends meet. Not trying to give you a sob story cause life isn't all that bad, I mean hey I graduate next month and Im healthy so im pretty happy about that. I just wish I could afford something to eat, let alone a pizza. Thank you for listening 
[Request] Marion, IL. I lost my entire savings through a series of poor decisions. I was left with little choice but to move back home. Anyone want to help a guy out?

[REQUEST] Held hostage by hungry pink rabbit, send halp
I am Yet Another Poor College Student attending school in Portland, OR and times are tough.  I have had rice and potatoes almost every night for the past week and I would kill for some variety (and some scurvy prevention). I just got hired for a new job today, but I don't begin until the next semester in January, which is kind of a long time.

I mostly stay in lurk mode on reddit but if I get a pizza I solemnly swear to pop back in here when I have spare cash and pay it forward to some people.

In conclusion, http://i.imgur.com/KSzts.jpg
[Request] Fueled by ramen in Iowa, need something a little more filling. Please help.
I'm short on funds until my next paycheck, which doesn't come until next week. I don't get enough hours at my job, I live in such a small town that there aren't many options for a different job. I don't drive, so I can't get myself to the grocery store very often. I've been living on ramen for most of this month. I can't say how much I would appreciate a pizza. I didn't even know this existed, and I feel bad for asking. This isn't what I do. This will be the only time I ever request, that is a guarantee. I hope someone will help me.
[Request] Lost job 2 weeks ago, no money or food. Could really use some pizza if anyone is feeling like donating.
So, long story short, I have had a lot of medical issues in the past year, including 3 back surgeries since november.  Due to this, I lost my job 2 weeks ago.  I have no food or money to pay bills and was really hoping someone could help me out today with a pizza.  Thanks in advance.

-Keith
From the US
[Request] UK - Ill, lonely and would love a pie
So, my husband and I decided to get separated on Saturday. It's amicable, but still incredibly sad. On top of that, I am ill in bed with the worst cold I've had in years and have been basically drifting in and out of sleep for the last 24 hours, with brief breaks for a drink warm water. I don't have any energy to cook.

I can't say I'm desperate for a pie, but having one delivered to my door would be absolutely awesome. Thanks! 
[REQUEST] Being an adult can be rough..[US]
Recently got laid off from my job. Only have hot dogs in the house and no money coming in for 2 days... Kindness and a pizza would really brighten my day.  Will pay it forward as soon as I can.

EDIT: /u/roxieh tried but being from the UK caused some issues... any US redditors out there with a heart of gold?

UPDATE: would still really appreciate a pizza :)
[Request] My vegan girlfriend is not staying over tonight, I want a pizza with real cheese to eat while working on my new D&amp;D character. (Chicagoland)
I'm not complaining, she's great and gets me eating really healthy. I'm pretty much vegan most of the time, at the very least vegetarian, though I eat seafood regularly and chicken or other meat on occasion. But right now, I'm broke and everything in the house is vegan.

I've made some badass vegan pizzas in the past but the cheese, although it melts, just isn't the same.

I'm working on a crossbow-wizard that imbues his spells in crossbow bolts to fire at enemies.

Also, I don't drive, but there's a Dominoes and a Papa Johns that deliver to my house.

There's also a local place but I dunno how RAOP could handle that.

If any verification is needed, I'll do whatever is needed. Check my posting history, you'll see everything I say is true.
[Request] Tigard, Oregon Will you be my knight in shining pizza?
Not a lot left for money left for college. Looking for a job and pizza. Who will be my knight in shining pizza?
[Request] London, UK. - We're skipping dinner tonight as my mum's overtime hours have been halved. Help me surprise her with pizza?
There's not much more to add than that. I'm unemployed and my mum kindly takes care of me however she can. Unfortunately she's only able to get part time retail hours, so money is always pretty tight. This month, there's been dramatically less overtime available, which in our house unfortunately means dramatically smaller/fewer meals.

It would be nice to surprise her with something nice for once!
[Request] I've a very lonely birthday coming
My birthdays coming up here and well, I've got absolutely nothing going on. Everyone parties on my day while I stay at home and watch the ball drop. I know how odd it is to ask for a present but hey let's try it, a present of pizza!

Here's some [proof](http://imgur.com/VnXUH) that New Years is indeed my birthday. Really haven't a way to show my sad party... Just picture a person, in front of a computer and my cat wearing a birthday hat!

[Request] My dad came over expecting to visit and I was just planning on ramen
I live in Azle a small town in the south, my good-'ol-boy dad dropped by without warning expecting food and a visit. Well I'm broke right now, won't get paid 'till Saturday so I hate to ask but anybody out there got a good heart and want to help?
Request: Needing a little help till payday 
Last week and a half hasn't been to good, car got totaled on Thursday n found out that the driver has no insurance, found out one of my family members has been commiting identity fraud past 5 years. N yesterday lost my wallet and food stamp card. Asking for a little help until Friday, will definitely be appreciated n once things settle down I will definitley give back.
[REQUEST] Conway, AR Moneyless college kid hungry for pizza
Hi, folks. My friend and I are starving because our cafeteria isn't open this late and we have no money to buy food off campus. Tell me if I'm doing this incorrectly. :D
[Request] Hungry and only have 27 cents to my name. Not even enough for Raman in Philadelphia Pa.
I have been out of work for some time now and have a really hard time taking care of myself. I have barely made it by paying my rent let alone eating. I heard about this site A while ago and gave this a try to no luck. If someone has work or a way they could help, it would mean the world. god bless.
(request) been eating nothing but rice for a week
The title basically sums it up. I'm not looking for pity, just a helping hand. I'm a college student and I work part time at a decent job, but things are rough right now.

   I've been paying my own bills since I was 17 or so, and have garnered a great deal of respect for the life of the working adult over the past couple of years. You never really appreciate the basics until you realize how much they actually cost. I'm currently putting myself through college while paying every bill that comes my way, so as expected, things are naturally tight. But a couple days ago my car broke down and after paying my internet bill (which was a necessity, since I work from home) I don't even have $1.00 to my name.

I'm not going to be broke forever, but my girlfriend and I are getting really burned out eating rice and ramen. A pizza would be much appreciated and would also be great surprise for my lady when she gets home in the morning (she's been 12 hour night shifts non-stop to help pay our bills, and finance a vacation that we have planned next month)

[REQ] Broke college students don't get paid til Friday.
And all we have left in the house is ramen noodles. We're really sick of eating them so a pizza would really make our weekend :)!! We'd really appreciate it and pay it forward when we get paid!
[Request] Toronto college student
I don't really know how this works, I just found out about this subreddit,  but basically I'm a broke college student living with my boyfriend, who (he, not I) earlier this month became unemployed. I would love to surprise him tonight with something other than rice or ramen noodles, even if only to lift his spirits just a little bit. Hopefully somebody here could help me do that for him. 
(request) Panhandle Pizza Craving
No sob story here. Just a little tight on cash until next Friday, and do not want to eat Ramen everyday until then. I make decent money for my age, but have to pay off college loans and other living expenses. I took some time off to do family stuff for the 4th of July and just didn't pull in the kind of money I'm used to these past pay checks. I'll be back to normal next Friday, but was just hoping I could have the indulgence of having a pizza before then. Hopefully I can repay the favor to another fellow redditor in need of some delicious cheesy goodness once I get my next pay check :)

(Northwest Florida Panhandle) if that needs to be clarified.
[REQUEST] We three teens just want some pizza, man. It's not even urgent.
Look, we're not starving, but we all forgot/don't have our credit cards with us and could use a nice pie. Some help would be nice. Here's some bullshit reasons why we really deserve it though:

-We're in a band.

-We just watched The Big Lebowski.

-We have a dog named Cooper.


[Here's us three](http://i.imgur.com/qhdt2.jpg) looking super content with our middle-class living conditions (I'm the sorta black dude).

We probably aren't as qualified as other unfortunate subscribers here, though this IS *random* acts of pizza anyway! I also can't really promise this since I'm just another internet citizen, but if someone gives us pizza, I'll make sure to pay it forward soon when my new credit card comes in.

Even if we get nothing and are downvoted to hell, props to this wonderful community and like I said, I look forward to being a contribution some time soon.

Oh!, and here's Sergio [looking sexy as fuck](http://i.imgur.com/TaikH.jpg).
[Request] Broke college kid in Schenectady, NY seeks foods while she works on completing some research papers.
Please and thank you. :)
[Request] I was biking home when the bolt in my handlebars came loose and I crashed
Luckily both myself and my bike are still in one piece, scuffed though we might be. Planning on studying for my Marine Bio test tomorrow and watching the new Adventure Time <U+262E>

**I get paid Friday, so of course any good karma will be passed on that night&lt;3**
[request] 2nd day in the US!:) We live n Kill Devil Hills and would love to taste a true American pizza
Hi guys!

Me and my girlfriend came to the US yesterday. It is so cool here! :) We start working on Wednesday and are kinda strapped for money until then. We are anxious to try anything that is American, and pizza is definitely something related to USA.

We're not too picky, we'd like to try something classic. It is not us to decide what is classic to you, so let it be your pick :)

We live in Kill Devil Hills, NC. There are some places which deliver, but we don't really know them anyways, so again it would be your pick :)

Thanks!
[REQUEST] Broke College Couple Humbly Request Pizza for Post-Pregnancy Scare Celebration
After a few very nerve-racking days, my uterus finally kicked into gear today, and despite the bleeding, gut-wrenching cramps, and splitting headache I feel the triumphant relief of knowing that my birth control pill functioned as it was supposed to, that I am not pregnant, and that my boyfriend and I do not have a crisis on our hands.

We're at home today, me downing tylenol for the pain and him trying his adorable best to keep the mood swings at bay. We'd totally appreciate pizza as we celebrate the cycle of womanhood, the invention of birth control pills, and the fact that our few sexytimes-sans-condom this past month did not end in procreation.

Thanks for your time and consideration, and I hope that this post isn't too NSFW in content/attitude for this board - I had to inject some humor into the situation to alleviate some of the prior stress of it. :)

[Request] 92651 (southern OC, CA) family of 2 (and 2 dogs) 
We've been getting food from the local pantry (a little less than 1 bag of groceries a week) and aren't starving, but having to serve  pasta again is taking an emotional toll. 

Thanks for considering us...
Lee
[Request] Today is my real life cake day. I am 39 - it's my last year **ever** in my 30's. Having mixed feelings on the subject. I think a pizza might help me figure out how I really feel... :D (Proof of b-day inside)
http://imgur.com/a/zqQMR
Holy crap - I also just realized my DL expires today.....
[Request] Belfast NI, Dire need of pizza
No monies.. i cant live on super noodles forever need da pizza :O
[Request] Phx, AZ just being honest with you guys.
me and my mother have been having issues the last couple months, and normally I hate asking people for assistance, but we have no food, no refridgerator, and just barely a roof over our head, I haven't eaten in about 2 days. investing faith in humanity :)
[REquest] San Jose California would love to LAN party and chill with a pizza.
3 bros, 1 chick, and maybe you?

I want Pizza.

Roundtable Pizza 

Lan party this bitch.


[Request] Pizza for our dorm.
It's our last week of school and we wanted to celebrate somehow.  I suggested we all pool out money together and throw a pizza party.   So we did and turned it over to our SGR (Student Government Rep) who then had to get approval from the deacon.  But before he could somebody stole the money out of our SGR's room.  And now everybody is pissed and accusing the SGR of stealing our money which I don't think he did and everything is total shit.  I feel bad because it was my idea and because I've been defending the SGR they think I'm in on it too.  
  
I know this is a big unlikely request.  But if someone or a group of someones could make it happen like magic you wouldn't just be feeding a bunch of hungry kids you'd be saving a lot of friendships.  
[Request] Broke and tired of stealing vegan roommates food.
Unexpected costs regarding my car have made it very difficult to keep up. If I can avoid borrowing money from anyone until Friday, I should be on track. That being said, I am tired of eating firm tofu or celery and vegan peanut butter. I have gas in the car to get to work, I just need a few nights worth of food (real food) to get through til payday. Once I am back on track, I promise to pay it forward here. 
**EDIT: Forgot to mention I am in the Las Vegas area. If there is something you want from here/me let me know I am definitely willing to work something out.**
[REQUEST] Young freshly unemployed in Glens Falls, NY are in need of real food...In return can draw you a thank you comic!
Hello Reddit.  I lost my job a couple weeks ago and my girlfriend and I are getting tired of Ramen Noodles.  We could REALLY go for a pizza...and as the title says...I'll draw you a thank you comic!

Thank you for your kindness and possible blessing of pizza.
[REQUEST] My birthday is coming up this weekend, I didn't win the Papa John's coin toss, anyone willing to gift me their code?
It would make a great birthday gift, thanks in advance.
[Request]My good friend in California got fucked over while Fostering a stray Dog, Please help her!!!!
Okay here's the deal:

A friend of mine has agreed to be the Foster Mother for a Dog in need... However, the organization has all of the sudden burdened her with the costs of Flea and Parasitic Removal treatments, costing over $200!! Normally a Foster agency will cover these costs but this particular one says those fees aren't included in their reimbursement policies... Instead of turning it down and returning the dog she paid to have the dog cured of it's problems like a truly selfless person!

pic of the dog she's fostering : http://i.imgur.com/ziQLZ.png

Video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGu_-4CBtvA&amp;context=C3355516ADOEgsToPDskJYkuuuuA8wYj3_RjQDg61o

She's currently in a bind and is trying hard to get through the next week just feeding herself until pay day since she's been hit by these unexpected fees. If anyone is in a better situation it would be great if we could surprise this animal lover with a Random Act of Pizza!!!!

Please respond in private messages or give the following AIM name a message : Tick373
[Request] Milwaukee USA
Extremely long and bad day (kids, and work) pizza would make it all better!

[REQUEST]Summerside PEI.  Long day.  Could use some pizza.
Cause Hungry, tired of noodles in a cup, and payday is friday.
(Request) Redditor boyfriend and I are having redditors over who have paid for others pizzas before, help us out?
AND we're all poor college students, one pizza would be a perfect end to a shitty day
[REQUEST] Connecticut, USA. I don't have a sappy story, I'm just really f*cking hungry.
My boyfriend and I would love a warm pie for lunch/dinner but unfortunately are lacking the funds :( PM me for info, any help is appreciated!
[REQUEST] danville IN, couple would like a good luck pizza before our court date tomorrow
tomorrow, my wife and i are going before a judge to let him decide if our bankrupcy case is valid. we've had a really tough time of things through this, but tomorrow is the light at the end of the tunnel.

we would love to have a pizza dinner just to ourselves to get our spirits up and ready for the fight we'll have tomorrow.

thanks to all who read this.
[REQUEST] [USA] Good day all! Freezing rain has just totaled my vehicle, and I am a bit down in the dumps.
The roads were exceptionally frozen this morning after a horrible rain last night. My car slid into someone elses, and caused a lot of damage. I have no collision insurance, thus I will have to pay out of pocket and alas, do not have the means to do so.

My car is now at a shop getting an estimate done, and I am at home with no food and no means to go out and get something hot to eat. Anyone willing to help me out with a pizza? I can surely either pay it back or pay it forward once I am more aware of my financial situation.

[Request] No funds, very hungry college student could use a hand
Back at school, but both school and my job don't start for another week. Not enough money for heat, so I've been 
crashing at my friend's girlfriend's house. I would love a hot meal, if someone felt like sharing. 

EDIT: I have been generously taken care of by the enigmatic jetboyterp. If you were thinking about helping, please send your money to another redditor in need!
Request : Pizza For a EEG TECH @ Carilion Clinic Roanoke VA
I have a friend on FaceBook that has gone above and beyond his duties at work. 

http://seeeeu.imgur.com/above_and_beyond
Proof in the pudding
(O/P sooo, I may have let a 2 yr old girl color on my head to keep her still while another tech hooked her up...I think she did pretty good lol)

I feel they all need Random Acts Of Pizza! Gift Cards to Starbucks... anything that would brighten his day...

Everyday he posts a Soundtrack to his morning..
He likes photography, graffiti art, and he can draw
http://imgur.com/a/NQy3W


Carilion Clinic
5th floor 5 East EEG Neurodiagnostics
1906 Belleview Avenue
Roanoke, Virginia 24014
Request- just some dude in Ireland... 
Really that's all. I love pizza... I will also tell a joke. What goes ho-Ho plop? Santa laughing his head off. 
[request] Monroe, WA USA Empty wallet &amp; fridge, but craving a hawaiian style pizza.
Would much appreciate any who could fulfill this craving.

[Request] Poor college grad and full time server out of groceries until my next shift.
The summer is an incredibly slow season due to residing in a student saturated city (when school is out, so is the population). Bills among other strokes of terrible luck have left me with less than $1 in my pocket and one box of mac n' cheese without any milk to make it. All I want is to be able to eat some dinner tonight. Help a fellow Redditor out?
[REQUEST] New Brunswick, NJ. Just got $3 worth of gas at the pump.
Kicked out of my parent's house 3 years ago, living on my own.
I've had to drop out of school this semester because I don't have anyone to cosign a loan for me, and I can't earn enough to pay for college.
My job was far, and I had to wake up at 5am. I crashed my car falling asleep at the wheel three weeks ago. I lost my job because I couldn't come in the next day.
Because I lost my job, I can't pay rent next month, and I don't know where I'll be.
And today, I saw $5 in my bank account, and used $3 on fuel to make sure I don't run out of gas in the middle of the road.
Sure I'm upset, but none of those things got to me. You know what did? 5 minutes ago I opened my fridge to see that all I have left is some mixed vegetables, and a slice of white bread.

There isn't much more to feel. Just defeat, I guess.

edit: redundancy
[Request] Hungry college student in Iowa
This is my first time requesting, I'm a full-time nursing student only able to work part-time. I'm not going to make this a sob story, I get paid tomorrow, but all I have left to eat tonight is some chili so I would really appreciate a pizza! I love RAoP and hope to contribute very soon as well =)
[Request] Pizza in Salt Lake City
I'm a student preparing for the last few weeks before I graduate, and would greatly appreciate a pizza to reduce some stress
[REQUEST] [MO] Just had my tooth ripped from my face...So In need of pizza. 
Hi guys, I missed an entire week of work and I have one dollar left, I had a tooth abscess on me and had to have extremely painful surgery, the infection is all gone finally and I can eat again, been stuck drinking ensure since Thursday, trouble is this poor girl is broker than broke, I have three of us to feed and dunno what i'm going to do for dinner, there is one can of soup in the cupboard. If someone would be willing to front me a pizza when i get paid next i'll gift one to someone. Pweeese?

[Request] Just got back from a vacation and there's nothing to eat.
For the past 6 days I have been in Kansas City, MO visiting family. I just arrived back at logan airport about two hours ago. There's nothing in the house because i have yet to be able to go out. Its been a long day and pizza would be nice:)
[Request] Going through a tough situation
Well, I finished up college and I'm back home now, unemployed, and the whole house is going through a really rough time. Little to no food, hard to pay bills, hardly even any toilet paper. I've never been one to ask for things really, and I don't even want to now, but it's gotten to the point where it's sort've needed. I'm headed to the food bank at a local church in hopes of getting some food, but I just figured this would be worth a shot.  

  
I don't really expect anything, but it'd be awesome if something did happen.  
  

I don't particularly have any skills... or else I'd draw some pictures or some shit. But I do have $5 on my Steam Account, so if someone would like, I'll gift them a game? Idk. 
[Request] Would you like to help out military members? (re-put in because I forgot the tag)
There is 3 of us working the swing shift in GA (2 Air Force and 1 Navy) We are all broke till the 15th. When we get paid we will pay it forward back to the cause of pizza!
[Request]
Totally in need of some food! Pizza sounds great. My boyfriend and I are currently getting evicted. No money. Soon we will be going to the shelter, but we have to wait until our eviction is final to get any kind of assistance. 
(Edit) I live in Jackson, Michigan! Sorry :( New to all this. My friend told me about this.
[request] Need helping feeding me and my children tonight. 
I am a long time lurker, I enjoy reading and laughing at all the crazy posts on here. The reason for this request is my check still has not cleared and I got paid Friday, I can't do anything until tomorrow so for the night I have nothing to feed my children. I do my best and work my butt of for my little munchkins and I am real aggravated by this situation. I feel terrible, but I need help.
[Request] Alabama redditors in need of a decent meal
Hey y'all. First post so hoping for the best. Here's the rundown...

I lost my job about a month and a half ago right before my SO's birthday. I was bummed but kind of expecting it (cutbacks and such) and was able to score a few temp jobs here and there to keep my bank account stable, and seeing as my SO still had a full time job, we weren't terribly worried about the situation as a whole. 

Fast forward 2 weeks: my SO gets fired out of the blue by the new GM at the newsroom where he worked. He's been really down and has not yet been able to find a job. We had just signed our new lease so all of our money had gone to that and our bills. There is not much I can do for him at this point, seeing as I've only been working 2 or 3 days a week tops. 

Normally to cheer ourselves up we go all out on cheap pizza (Dominos, Hungry Howies, etc.), but with our lack of incoming funds, it's something that we haven't been able to do, and I think it would definitely lift his spirit a bit. If any of you wonderful redditors could help, I would be super appreciative. I don't have much of anything to barter with, but I am willing to send you a few pieces of record art that I have made if you would like something in return. 

I know this whole thing probably sounds silly, but I need help getting him out of this funk and figure this is a great way to do it. Thanks for any help. 
[REQUEST]Pizza Location: San Francisco, CA 
Broken Fridge and I don't have much to eat.
My fridge broke 4 weeks ago and I've been surviving on the remaining junk food I have left and sometimes I go out in the supermarket to look for free food samples. I don't have much left in my place except for half bag of gold fish crackers and 2 bottles of soda. Most of my food got rotten and now I don't have much left to eat... I'm still looking for a cheap affordable fridge to replace the broken one. I'm an unemployed college student living with my sister in a small apartment and would love to eat something nice for one day. I haven't had pizza for a long time and would love if someone could help me out. 
Thank you!
request a pizza, its 8:35 in columbus ohio and i havent ate all day, zero dollars to my name
im strugglin out here livin with my mom whos never home cause she works all the time. anything would be appreciated,  please and thank you, god bless.
[Request] Southern California -- First day back in class; 14 hour day. Don't especially want to cook when I get home tonight.
No real sob story; just would love pizza as a reward for surviving my first day back (not to mention that day is 14 hours long).

Cooking later tonight (way later) sounds hellish and I can't afford to eat out or buy my own pizza.

Thank you to anyone who responds; no worries if this doesn't get picked up.
Hi RAOP! It looks real... Good!    (Also, [REQ]!)
First timer!

I saw the post from that guy saying he was leaving because of all the sad stories. I think the "half-full or half-empty" rule applies here.
You can see sad stories, or joy from getting help from a stranger!

Also, I will try my luck! It is not in the intention of feeding kids. I'm just a random guy that just moved to Montréal, QC. My delicious "flour-water-salt" pancakes got the job done for a few days. But now I think i need some fat in my belly :\ 

It will be paid forward before the holidays!


I will now leave you with this: 

* 3 billion pizzas are sold annually, that's 46 slices each for every man, woman and child in the country.

Do you eat 46 slices every year ? 


EDIT: Typo
[REQUEST] Had one of the roughest weeks of my life this past week. Could just really use some pizza.
Honestly, it's almost comical at this point looking at this past week. The amazingness started off with school. I had been working on this massive art project, however I was far behind because no matter what I would do, my teacher would come back saying that personally didn't like it. Not that it wasn't good, she just didn't like it. This put me back roughly 3 days behind everyone else in the class. Come Monday projects are getting turned in, and I don't have mine done because of how far behind I was because of her. She said too bad and told me to better manage my time. Even the other students in the class told her she wasn't being fair and it wasn't my fault. I just say okay, and work to get it in as soon as I can. Tuesday comes. I go into work after class, and go to look at my schedule for the next week. I'm scheduled for 12 hours. I go to ask one of my managers what's up because I literally can't even pay for my gas to drive to work on those hours. Apparently someone decided to start a rumor about me at work that I was tired of working there and that I was bad-mouthing the managers. Instead of coming to talk to me, they listened to the rumors and cut my hours. Wednesday comes around. I'm on my to school when my car starts acting funny. I'm on my way to class, and am almost at the school, so I just try and get the school where I can look at my car. I'm in the parking lot getting ready to pull into a spot when my car dies. Steam starts coming out from under the hood, I knew it had overheated. My temp gauge didn't show it was overheating so it told me that my thermometer was broken. I call my dad and tell him I'm stuck at the school, he says when he gets a chance he'll bring a thermometer up to me and we'd replace it at the school. I wait 20 minutes, start the car up again,  pull into the closest spot, and go to class. I come out from class and look under the hood. Radiator is empty and the resevoir tank is massively overfilled, leading to the thermometer again. I put water in my radiator, and try to start my car; nothing. I try again, hear a loud bang, get a big puff of smoke, and my car dies. I just cracked the engine block, meaning my car is dead. As a side note, my school and work is 40 minutes away one from where I live. I cannot live without having a car. So now I'm having to borrow my dad's car. Next comes Thursday. My parents are going through a very bad divorce, and my dad was having to travel to a different state for the trial. I get a call from him late in the afternoon, in which he's very upset with me. The day before I told my mom about my car, and told her I was using my dad's car, and then she asked how my dad was going to the trial. This was where I made my mistake: I told her that he was using his company credit card. Apparently she used this information in court against him, and it wasn't something even his lawyer knew about. Now my dad is upset with me because he thinks he can't say anything to me because I'll just go to my mom. I'm not talking to my mom right now because she took something I told her because I thought she would be concerned about me and instead just used it to her own advantage. Thankfully Friday and Saturday were pretty uneventful because I don't believe I could handle any more disappointment this week. Sorry for the rant, but it was kinda therapeutic to get it off my chest. It's nice to know that there are a couple people out there who will read this just so I'm not the only person who has to carry this shit. Even if I don't get any pizza, it's nice knowing that fact.

TL;DR: Cunt teacher, rumors at work leading to cut hours, cracked engine block, can't talk to either of my parents right now. Just another average week. 
[Request] for a very stressed student in NZ who has had a really bad year.
She doesn't know about reddit, but this girl has gone through a lot this year with her recent ex's new relationship being based around making her upset. She's studying for the same exams I am but won't come out of her room for study breaks and she's starting to become an insomniac. Every time we meet up she looks a little bit more depressed and lonely...

I'm sure some good hearted redditors will be able to scrape together a few dollars for this wonderful girl to show her that there are wonderful people out there (as she doesn't believe me or her friends).
{request} I think it's my reddit birthday, and Om hongry!
If anyone can get a pizza ordered to czech republic, I'd be very grateful. It'd be much cooler than eating porridge for the last 3 days!
[Request] Just feel like eating some pizza tonight. Oregon USA
No sob story, pizza just sounds delicious for dinner.
[Request] No pizza just pain...
My girlfriend of 5 years just cheated on me... fuck. I have no money. Shit.
[request] dallas texas- a pizza for a reunion with an old friend from junior high
my friend is coming in town for the weekend and my friends and i are so excited because we haven't seen him since junior high. we are going to a high school football game then to the dollar theater after and it would be so nice if someone fed us before we embarked :) this is my first post!
[REQUEST] Have Friday off From School; Pulling an All-Nighter
Before I give details, I want to apologize for my previous request. I'm desparate for pizza, and bored out of my mind, so I may have possibly made a bogus request looking for pity. Then a friend told me I was an idiot and I should be honest, so I deleted that and made this instead. (Bad first impression is bad. :/ )


So I'm off tomorrow, and the 'rents don't get paid for another week, so we have gatorade, brocolli, and ramen for food, and I'm in a desparate mood for a pizza right now. I'll eat anything, really, so don't worry about giving me the wrong type or size; I'll eat it. I've got $1.90 to my name, so I can't afford water, much less a pizza. xD

In Missouri, USA. PM if you're willing to help a Reddit/Internet-addicted brother out.

And again, sorry 'bout the bogus request a bit back. When I crave, my stomach thinks for me.

[Request] No money until Thursday and house is 
completely devoid of food. Will payback by Saturday

Hope this is the right place [Request] NC
Hey guys, hope everyone is having a nice Sunday.  Sure is beautiful here in NC.  I'll be honest, I'm starving :D  I've made it since Friday without food but desperate times call for desperate acts.  I get paid tomorrow and I'd be willing to trade some pizza today for some pizza tomorrow.  Very new to this subreddit but I could repay the sender with pizza tomorrow or provide for someone else in need.  Happy to verify with any information needed.      
[Request][OH] Quit Smoking, made it 5 days so far. Pizza to celebrate?
Just what the title says. Husband and I both decided to quit smoking. I went cold turkey, he got the gum. Its been 5 days so far. Food cravings and munchies have kicked in though. I'd love some hot gooey pizza goodness right now. We have Domino's and Pizza Hut. I can pay it forward soon as I get paid, since I'm not spending $40 a week on smoking now!
[Request] My family doesn't get food stamps for another week and my mom needs to gain weight or she's going to be put in a nursing home. NM
My mom recently had major back surgery for a car accident she had years ago, and was in recovery when she contracted MRSA (Blood infection immune to oral antibiotics) and she has to give herself antibiotics through an IV line with a syringe every day. She also has a home health care nurse come in every day and Pack her surgical wound and push out any infectious puss that might build up. It's a pretty painful process. Her injury in the accident came right after she got her Commercial Driver's License and was about to become a truck driver, now she can't work at all. We're extremely low on food until our food stamps come in. My mom's Doctor's our pressuring her to gain weight or they're going to put her in a nursing home. She only weighs 85 pounds, and it would be amazing if a friendly Redditor helped us out.
[Request] Pizza in Racine Wisconsin
Just got home off of a long ass drive from Fountain, Michigan back home to Racine, Wisconsin all in one run. Too tired to make dinner but I can offer you a pretty sweet picture of the sunrise on Lake Michigan
http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/215431_10152018722100414_1224859864_n.jpg
[Request] Just moved out here to Northern California by San Jose. Willing to pay it forward with the help of RAOP
Haven't had a real meal for the past 3 days paying off all my bills and having just enough for next month rent.  I'm jobless right now and constantly applying for jobs.  Reason why I moved out here was because I wanted to prove to my parents I could live without their help.  I must say it's been hard but I'm learning a lot about myself here.  For instance, being humble and learning to hustle everyday looking for a job.  I also realized that my parents must have worked their asses off to raise me and my older brother.  It's hard enough taking care of myself.  But yeah, I could definitely use a pizza from domino's and once I get my job, I will never forget this gratuitous act and I am going to offer a pizza on RAOP to another who else is in need.  Thanks for reading!
[request] San Diego USA, Cant stomach Potatoes and spam again...
So my girlfriend just left me. This left me and my best friend out of a roommate but still with rent due. So we voted for a house rather then food. We have been eating a spam/green bean/potato casserole for a few days and I would love a chance of pace.
[REQUEST] SC, USA 3 penniless weary adventurers in need of a pizza. 
We walk thru the woods in search of werewolves. 
We walk thru the woods at night. 
We aren't afraid of them at all, 
unless they try to bite!

Alas our pockets be empty
And we're quite in need of a munch
But if you'd send us a pizza,
We'll gladly eat it for lunch!

(Thanks for your consideration, any pizza store would do)
(Request) Got scammed of all my money and starving. Missouri
Long story short, somehow paypal repeated the same transactions until all my money in both my checking and savings accounts were gone. Got a call at work from my bank saying that i had no money and i need to pay for the overdraft charges. Taking 4 hours of paper work, they told me that it will take 3 - 4 weeks to get my money back, if I get it back. My paycheck went directly to my bank account which was taken. I have 4 dollars cash to last me 3 -4 weeks...
[REQUEST] Two poor college students stranded in Bellingham in search of a hot meal!
Sup RAOPists, 

So I'm in Bellingham hanging out with MY GIRLFRIEND and was curious if this RAOP thing worked. We just finished a 6 mile hike and don't have much money to spare. We decided if we could convince any kind soul to donate a pizza to us, that would be flippin sweet, and we'll pay it forward later in the future when we have more $$$. Anyone?

[Request] Job interview tomorrow..need a good luck pizza to seal the deal!
I have been looking for a job for about 3 months now and FINALLY! got the tap from the local UPS depot for a drivers job! Not the most glamorous job i know but hey for this area the money is decent and the station is close to home so no complaints from me! Paying it forward it specifically implied upon first full paycheck.

 Also if i get the job i promise not to be one of those jerk delivery guys that punts your nice box of Newegg goodness to the front door of your place from out by the curb!  :D

Any fine human being out there feel inclined to send out a good luck pizza to a prospective package jockey?

Now that i think of it that didn't sound so good.. 
[Request] Will a pizza hero rescue my wife and I from anniversary doldrums?
Today is our 4th wedding anniversary! We don't get paid until next Friday and the money we had set aside for a nice dinner tonight begrudgingly went to various bills and gas in the last few days. She thought this subreddit was an awesome idea when I told her about it and I'd love to surprise her with pizza as opposed to the now planned spaghetti. We're in Florida, btw.

(Request) A delicious pie of pizza Des Moines, IA
Lost my job Monday. Sucks. I think a delicious pizza would be great... but I can't afford one... If someone could please buy me, even a cheap large cheese would be better than the growling stomach I have now. Thanks. 
Request in Virginia
I've been laid off for almost two months now and have begun skipping/ stretching meals. I would really appreciate a pizza, thanks so much. Much Love.
[Request] Trying to stretch what's left in the freezer...and make my older daughter's first week of school a little better
Hi all! The past few days I've been getting pretty creative putting meals together but it's getting tough. And my older girl's having a hard time adjusting to 1st grade so it'd be a nice surprise for her tonight. If anyone could help that'd be awesome and I'll pay it forward right after I restock the fridge! Thanks!
[Request] Georgia USA Super broke had a bad week.
Much appreciated, i really have had a horrible week.
[Request] Hungry and would love a pizza. 
I am super hungry in Arizona. I would love a pizza. 
[Request] My stove caught fire, I may lose housing, I'm a little worried and a lot hungry.
Please pm me for my address. I'll be up all night and all day tomorrow. I don't think I'll be sleeping well for a few nights.
(REQUEST) Treat me to dinner? :)
Hey there! I am so exhausted I've chased after a tot all day that is teething and refuses to listen to the word NO. am hungry and a warm pizza and breadsticks would just make my kiddos month. I'm a single working mommy and getting treated to dinner is not something I've gotten in over a year! I'm also struggling so I cant treat myself, So this would be awesome! Please? I have helped out in a randomacts and babyexchange but not on this reddit yet,I do plan too :)

Thanks  :) 
[Request] I'm the guy living in a tent for the past 10 months.  Been living on dollar menu, pizza would be a nice change.
My story can be found here:
http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/izeow/iama_man_who_has_lived_in_the_woods_in_a_tent/

Wasn't really looking for handouts or whatever when I posted that, still not really - this subreddit popped up in the sidebar.

I used to do a lot of work in SecondLife, and often I would get people to pay me in pizza.  When I was capable, I gifted people in pizza as well.  I like the idea of sharing a meal rather than being paid directly, seems more friendly.  I'll see what I can do to eventually become a pizza gifter here.

Anyway, if you feel like gifting me a pizza, there is a mom and pop pizza shop I can walk to here you could call and order a pizza directly.  They have a deal mon - wed with a medium one topping for $5.99, or large for like $2 more.  A while back, I had a friend order me a pizza directly with them, no problem.  I'm simple pizza wise - like pepperoni with extra sauce.

I've been living mostly off of ramen (cold-cooked as I have no stove) and dollar menu at McDs, so  pizza would actually be nice.

This is a really cool subreddit.  Hopefully I'll be able to repay the kindness sooner rather than later by passing on a pizza to someone else in need.

I live mid-way down the east coast, and will get more specific when I give whoever the details.  I wasn't asked for the card the time before, I'm thinking an out of state order would be fine.

Wow, if someone does this, thanks so much!  If not, still glad I found this subreddit.  Cool concept - great way to get some actual kharma :D
[request] In Queens NY, would like a pizza and can return the favor to someone else after the first of the month!
Sunnyside NY to be specific! Never tried RAOP before. Will return the favor to someone else. I'm using my reddit account that's nearly 5 years old so you can hold me accountable
[Request] Will make 8-bit drawing for pizza!
I like to make 8 bit drawings as a hobby, and I figured why not! Here's an example of my work. http://imgur.com/YHSWb
[Request] Laid off and loosing weight in Florida.
After being laid off from a seven year stint, i have been burning threw my savings to pay the bills and keep my belly full. Unemployment barely covers my mortgage and the SNAP program here in florida only gives me $16 a month for food. A Cheese pizza would go a long way today.
[Request] Yo, pizza this canadian
Sup brahs and brahettes, I'm just a regular canadian man looking for some pizza. If you get me some, maybe I'll be your friend :) So yeah no sob stories from me, cause who really wants to read about that and be depressed all day? 
[Request] Hungry Australian!
I'm really enjoying this reddit.

Currently I am fighting off a virus and would love a pizza today as I haven't been able to keep anything down recently and pizza is all I feel like I can stomach at the moment.

More than willing to pay this forward once my tax return comes in as well as making a big thank you post. :)

** Thanks odot522 for the pizza!
[request] stolen wallet no money or anything
so i recently moved to cookeville tn and was going to get an apartment with a friend, but my wallet got stolen somewhere and now im out of over 600$ my ss card, id and my debit card. I have a job lined up with mentioned friend but I'm unable to start working until they have my id/ ss card ect. I would be really grateful if someone could provide a bit of food for me today,  the last time i was able to get anything was around friday(around lunchtime) any assistance would be greatly appreciated.
[Request] Promised my girlfriend dinner tonight, but I'm sick.
As the title suggests, I've promised my girlfriend that I'd make dinner for the two of us tonight, however I woke up rather sick today. I lost my debit card recently and am currently waiting on a new one in the mail, otherwise I'd just order it myself. Will pay it forward as soon as I am able. Thanks!
[Request] NS Canada, Mom's birthday this week (22nd)
I'm broke until the 28th and I wanted to make her birthday special this year because last year was the day she found out my dad had a new girlfriend. :\ Anyway, basically, my mom deserves a good day to relax and since we can't throw her a little party, we're hoping to get some pizza from either of her favorite places. Boston Pizza or East Side Mario's.

Edit: Pizza for my mom, brother, and I. (Edit 2: cleaned up the post.)
[REQUEST] PA College student in need of a pizza or a job, but there isn't a random_acts_of_jobs...
Titles says it! A couple more weeks of school until graduation as a math major. Really hungry for both a paying-job or a pizza, let me know if you can help!
[Request] West Virginia -- Mama and baby both have the flu, poor, college student and HUNGRY :(
Hey all,

This is my first time using this and honestly I feel a bit guilty for even requesting after reading some of the stories on here.. Some of you guys are much worse off than I and my heart goes out to you. :(

Nevertheless, this has been the week from hell. I'm sick with the flu, I have an (also sick) 5 month old, lots of exams due, and $5.98 in my bank account (yes, I can take a screen shot and show you if you'd like). I've been too sick (and little one is too sick to be taking to the grocery store!) and too poor to even get adult groceries for myself in a couple of weeks, (but we still have a healthy supply of yummies for the little one, so no worries there! Little ones always come first! &lt;3)

Honestly, I'm just sick, broke, worn out and hungry. I'd be happy to repay the favor. I love helping people out :) So if anyone could find it in their heart to help me out with a pizza or two (yay for maybe having cold pizza breakfast tomorrow too!) I'd be the happiest little camper ever. 

&lt;3's!
[Request] (Atlanta, GA) Inbetween jobs, maybe someone can get me work at a pizza place?
Moved back in with my parents while in college. We don't get along well at all and so I'm trying to move back out. Finals are this week and I've been looking for a job the past few weeks. I had a few real close calls but still nothing. I'd love to work in an office as an admin assitant, but I love cooking pizza almost as much as I love eating it, and I'll take something over nothing. Also my parents and I don't talk much so I'd rather eat spanish rice all day then ask them for food. 
[Request] TN - Celebrating my niece's birthday: it's just us and we could use a hot pie for dinner!
It's my niece's birthday and she is turning 8. Normally my folks (her grandparents) would get some dinner and a cake, but they're both out of town so it's just me, her mother and her. Her mom hasn't gotten a paycheck yet and my bank account is currently low as well... I thought about making some cupcakes instead as a substitute b-day cake. But my niece would really like some pizza for dinner, it's her fav. :)

I'll pass it forward as soon as I'm able to, so any takers?
[Request] The worst week! (United Kingdom)
      I'm new to Reddit and a friend a few weeks back told me about this when we were watching YouTube clips about 60 inch pizzas but I could barely believe it existed until I saw it today.

      Sooo basically a few weeks back I had a job interview for some Christmas hours to get money for peoples presents... I was supposed to start on the 3rd but was told I couldn't until I sorted out my work reference. That was all fine and dandy until I call them up 3 days later to see what is going on to only get told they have filled all spots even though they said my job was guaranteed. Oh I also got hit with woman problems this week... PIZZA won't fix things but it'll sure help!




Request- Alone thanksgiving week, could really use a hot meal. 
Hey all! This is a throwaway, I've been lurking RAOP for quite a while and I'm really inspired by what's been going on, however never though I'd be on here asking.

I'm a student in Seattle and currently I have around 5$ for the next week. I'm looking for someone willing to get me a pizza that will last me the next few days until I get some money. 
[Request] Help out a hungry family?
Fulfilled! Thank you Paisley8827! From the bottom of our hearts (and bellies)!

The money: We've got a negative bank account, my wife is due two payments from her company (she's a freelancer for a subsidiary of Penguin Books), and both of our parents have already helped us financially. We've got a 2nd account with about 30 bucks in it to last us until Tuesday. 

If it were just she and I, we could scrounge. We've both been hungry before. But it isn't just us, we've got an eternally hungry 7year old, and a 1 year old who might be the worlds largest importer of milk.

I know it reads like a sob story, but it isn't. Normally things are good, and they'll be good again soon, but right now the stress of how to feed everyone is very, very taxing. Hell, starting Monday I'll be making my twice-a-week trips to the local Talecris Plasma center for the extra cash.

So, all that being said, would someone be willing to help us out tonight?

edit: We're in Pensacola, Fl for what it's worth.
[Request] Broke college girls seeking pizza - Bangor, Maine
Hi there! My name is Jill, I'm a college junior living in Maine for the summer with my three sorority sisters. We are currently flat broke until payday on Saturday (well, Friday at midnight) and have a depressingly empty fridge to match our depressingly empty bank accounts. A night off from scrounging up what little is left of the food in our apartment would be nice! :)

We would really, really appreciate if someone could help us out in the pizza department. We have already decided to return the favor come the weekend. Thank you so much if you can throw us a bone (er, pizza) and we hope you all have a good evening!
request in NJ for my four boys
Hi RAOP! I heard of this website through wishuponahero.com and was hoping I could get a lil help tonight for myself and my boys. I have been working PT and taking care of my fiancee and four boys n house FT. I finally got sick and went ot the drs today. I have an upper respitory infection and post nasal drip. Im hoping for a pizza hero for tonight. I work at the dominos in town and know that they are having two or more 2 topping pizzas for 5.99 each. I would need at least 3 since my boys eat like garbage disposals lol. any help would be awesome. thank you. oh and i did that get verified thing and have a code from it.
[Request] Last day of work and I left my lunch at home [Downtown Pittsburgh, PA]
I'm quitting my job in IT to focus on my last semester of college and a career in music management, which is what I've been going to school for. Since I'll just be doing internships next semester, I really need to save my money. And of course I leave my lunch at home today. 

I just discovered this subreddit last week and will definitely pay it forward as soon as I have some spare cash. Thanks and have a good weekend!
[request] at work, no money, haven't eaten since sunday. GA - USA
Just what the title says. Could really use a RAoP. My birthday is a week from today, we could consider it an early birthday gift. I did post once on Sunday night, and didn't get a response. I'm in a new place, and bills are stacked up high. Thanks in advance for anyone who sees this.
[Request] Canadian student, up coming exams, bills are more then what I have in the bank. I don't know how I'm going to pay this all off.
I know I've been helped before but I've gotten into this situation again and I'm extremely stressed out. I have no job right now and I'm sick of Ramen.

I would really appreciate it if someone could lessen my burden here by cheering me up a bit and I promise I'd be able to pay it forward!

Thank you!
[Request] If no one can help me in the UK, I have a question
My overdraft is dry. I don't have a bank account. Just a crappy pre-pay debit card. I don't have any friends social. I have anxiety. But I went to an social event, today. :) If no one can offer me pizza, how can I borrow a bit of money for an pizza meal deal?
[Request - Los Angeles, CA] Packing up my apartment to move. Don't get paid till next week.
Hey! We've been packing all day and me and my man are getting hungry. I would just order something, but I don't get paid till next week. We'd love some pizza and I promise to pay it forward when I get some money!
[Request] Looking for someone to Order, not Buy pizza
This may seem like a strange request, but there's only one place that delivers to where I am in SF and my phone isn't working and they don't have online ordering for where I am. If anyone could help me to order pizza, I would be immensely grateful 

(Request) Recently widowed mother looking to surprise her son 
I'm new to this community, turned on by a friend the other day, and I figured I'd give it a shot and see what happens. I was about to post my request, but I feared it would get mixed in with everyone else's and get lost.

My son and I have fallen on some hard times recently. His father passed away about a month ago from a massive heart attack (they call it a widow-maker heart attack, go figure), and we've just been slammed with a bunch of expenses. Jason, my son, is taking it really hard. He's about to turn 15, and his father was his idol.

I would love to surprise him with a pizza some night, maybe get his mind off the whole situation, but I just can't swing it financially at this point, and was wondering if you were still helping out those within the community.

If not, I completely understand, you've provided a huge service to this community already, but I'll keep my fingers crossed.

Thank you so very much
[Request in La Center, KY] Having surgery tomorrow and am flat broke
I'm going in for orthoscopic surgery tomorrow; and just found out earlier today that I have to pay a $100 copay when I get to the office tomorrow morning, this $100 was intended for groceries. I'm only 20 years old, and due to my knee disability, my employer has cut my hours to where I can barely make ends meet anymore. One of the deacons at church suggested this website to me when I called hysterical this evening trying to figure out how I would feed my family for the rest of the week. I have paper work proving my need for surgery tomorrow, if requested. Thank you and God bless.
[Request] Hungover and starving. A pizza would be pretty tight. (College Station)
Yeah title pretty much says it all.
[Request] I desperately need to clean my apartment. I'll do it if someone buys me a pizza for motivation.
EDIT: Before pics are [here](http://imgur.com/a/DHvJ4).
[Request][UK] Surrounded by drunken women ... Help
Girlfriend and her work buddies are pre-drinking at mine, I cant afford to go out, or buy pizza. But being surrounded by this bitchy, whingy and no doubt at some point tearful selection of "Ladies" ( this term is more loose than many of them ). They have invited me to join them out but tbh Socialising with them makes me fear for my IQ. 

I get paid on 20th so pizza me today and I pizza you / pay back then ? more of a random loan of pizza !
[Request] Arkansas. My plans to go to college fell through and now I just want to stuff my face.
Due to a slight emergency I wasn't able to register classes now, but classes already started and classes are booked. I just want something to make this day go better.

[REQUEST] We are a group of grad-level biochemistry students working on a project which aims to prove that cancer can be beat with pizza.
Unfortunately our funding just ran out, and the university does not plan to renew our grants! We're on the verge of a major breakthrough, wherein we deploy a series of nanobots into the patient's blood stream which seek out and destroy cancer cells! The nanobots run on pizza, but we're out! We're stationed at Western Michigan University! Please, the future of mankind could be in your hands!

[Just to be upfront, we're just really hungry and could use a pizza. But so could our nanobots.]
[request]philadelphia, pa. two kids down on our luck.
Me and a friend are just loking for some pizza. We just had to move out of our house and are now staying with a friend. Were saving as much as we can to find a new place to live so its pretty much been ramen and rice for awhile now. A nice pizza would be amazing if anyone can help. Thanks.
[REQUEST] Parents away and left no money :(
Im a kid with no job and my parents left with my brother to go to college.  I would like to eat something other than stale Ritz crackers :(
[request] Want to help feed a family of 7 that lost their entire home in a fire on Monday? (Oregon)
This is not for me, but for a family with five kids that live about 4 blocks away from me.  A fire destroyed their home Monday evening, and they lost everything.  I can't imagine how devastating that must be, but I'd love for them to be overwhelmed with compassion. Here is the link to the news article, including who to contact in order to contribute.

(I also posted this in [r/foodpantry](http://www.reddit.com/r/Food_Pantry/comments/iw27z/request_family_of_7_lost_their_home_and_all_their/) )

[Local News Article](http://www.lebanon-express.com/news/local/article_d75a08aa-b24a-11e0-b0cf-001cc4c03286.html)

&gt; *From the Article:*
&gt; 
&gt; **How to donate to the victims**
&gt; 
&gt; Anyone with clothes or other donations may contact Tia Parker at (541) 990-8003.

Edit: formatting
[Request] Will draw you something or write you a haiku for papa johns or Pizza Hut. (Alabama, USA)
Just want pizza for watching amines with tomorrow. Example: 
[Man painting picture of dragon riding airplane using pizza as palate.](http://imgur.com/GDcKUKP)


[REQUEST] Bank balance of £0.91 - Not eaten properly in 3 days
Hello everyone. Recently I have been struggling to get by, I had about £20 to my name. I decided to sell a ton of my stuff on Amazon to raise money for Christmas presents. So I managed to sell £350 worth of stuff (pretty much everything I had of value), but now Amazon says I have to wait til the 29th to cash out. So, I have no stuff, no money to buy Christmas presents, and I've used the £20 I had to my name for postage. My friend told me about this site and how there are some wonderful people out there who will buy pizza for needy people. I have never really thought of myself as needy, but at this time, I am ashamed to say I am. I hardly slept last night as I was so hungry, I have been relying on a packet of lollipops that I bought for 4p, which I actually picked up as I was walking through the town centre - oh the shame! :( I have a very small family, and they all live 2 1/2 hours away on the train, so it looks like I'm stuck til I get paid on the 6th January. If I have any spare money after I get paid, I'll certainly buy another person a pizza.

I am from the UK, but I'm sure if you're not from the UK it would be possible to get a pizza to me. I know this may seem like a lie because I have just registered, but really, I have never been on this site before, and I can provide proof of my bank balance, my packet of lollipops, etc if needed. Hopefully it won't come to that.

I'd like to give my sincere thanks in advance to anyone who comes forward and fulfills my request. 
REQUEST
We are a family of 3 who would enjoy a pizza tonite.We live in Houston were its 100 degres today!We have a sm. apt. with one A.C. unit. We keep the kitchin and bedroom blocked off to keep at least one room cool.I do have afew packs of meat but it just so unbarable to cook. My son always asks why iam dripping with sweat.It would be great to enjoy a meal togeather without me having to go take a shower frist and eating by myself.I just saw PAY IT BACK afew weeks ago and just loved the concept! CANT WAIT TILL I CAN PAY IT BACK! Thanks to all that support this ideia!!! 
[Request] Corona California
hello i am requesting that someone please buy me a pizza my moms not here so i have nothing to eat :). i'll appreciate it very much
[Request] Louisiana USA, I would ever so greatly appreciate a pizza tonight
I have not had much to eat in the last couple of days because my stores have run out. I spent the last of my money on dog food before I get paid in a few days because Marley needs to eat more than I do. I would appreciate a pizza so much, I usually conserve my money better than this but I really failed this month. I swear to repay the favor when I'm in better financial standing. Thank you very much.
(Request) Springfield, MO Would love to chill with pizza for lunch 
Pizza Pizza. Sitting at my computer watching my eyes turn red in the reflection. HELP PLEASE
[Request][Quebec/Canada]A friend and I are working on a big semester project, we'd totally love some pizza!
Hey! Both of us havent got time to cook much, and yesterday, i made a realllllly shitty pizza, and spent all the flour i had left on it.

Thanks a lot! 
[request] Ventura county CA - I would love to surprise my S.O.  (details inside)
So..  without giving you my whole life story here goes -   I have been having health issues that have been progressively worse over the last few years.  (I am getting tested for carcinoma this week)  My girlfriend not only has stayed with me but provides me with everything I need, including expensive pre-existing condition insurance which she had to move across the country for me to have.  I keep trying to work from home and sell my stuff on ebay etc. but I never will equal the amount that she gives without any hesitation.

I have not been able to take this girl out for dinner in 3 years and she works full time.  It would make my lifetime to be able to surprise her with pizza that was acquired by me.

*as a caveat my illness causes me to not be able to eat, consequently I am not excited about food much less cooking it and not eating it so this would save me from that too for a night :) 

http://instagram.com/p/UDEVvJGFY9/   edit:  Heres our rescue Ruby.  I'll show you gretchen (mah kitty) of anyone cares
[Request] Last few days of uni, no food or cash.
UK - I don't want to sound like i'm begging but i live in the uk and there is a few days now before i can go home. I have ran out of food and i am living off bread. After the exams i am just fed up and want to go home. I do not even need a full pizza, a kebab would even be most appreciated right now. Thanks anyone if you can help.

As a side note: i did not know whether to put this worldwide or not. I have never done this before and if i paid for it then i can pay with paypal. If others do then i guess it would be uk only.
[REQUEST] Williamston NC. My birthday is fast approaching and I have absolutely no money to spend for myself. I have no room in my budget to even get myself a treat. Would Reddit help me out?
I was wondering if Reddit would gift me a pizza to enjoy with a couple of family members. I am so bogged down with bills it is crazy. I would pay it forward when I can. Thank you in advance.
[REQUEST] In a money knot right and I don't get my paycheck until Sunday. I was hoping someone could help me out and I'd be able to pay them back with interest on Sunday?
Normally I would have been fine but some expenses popped up unexpectedly that I had to pay and now I'm going to get late fees on my internet bill because I couldn't fully pay it off. The only food I currently have are condiments, which aren't appetizing my themselves &gt;.&lt;

I will be able to pay it back on Sunday though! I would really appreciate if you could help, thank you!

*
[Request] Terre Haute, IN (USA) would like to start off a nice weekend with a pizza!
Tried this once before but I guess it never went through! Hoping to someone feels like sharing a great weekend by helping me start off a nice lunch/dinner meal! 
Request   Alabama Birthday Pizza For Friend
I dont know how this works, but my friend is turning 21 January 21 and I think it would be awesome for some awesome Redditor to give him a random act of pizza. He is a redditor himself and would go crazy over something like that. 
(request) just 3 hungry broke guys still in costume.
We'll gladly pay this forward but in the meantime we're hungry and were
wondering if RAOP could help us out. :)
[Request] Tempe, AZ - Laid off on Friday, Truck broke down and my dog ran away earlier :(

[Request] craving some pie. 
I'm just looking to get a pizza. I will pay it forward on Thursday when my check comes in. 
[Request] Asbury Park NJ. No money, noodles/sauce, and I've been going to the hospital for cysts.
Could use a cheesey slice of heaven right now. If someone helps me out then when I get paid I'll help another out. There isn't much info here because I hate begging but I could really use the help. 
[REQUEST] Tempe, AZ - The empty stomach of a philosophy major, stuck in a rut with no food in his gut.
I'll keep my sob story short.

I'm not poor, though my current circumstances might lead one to believe that to be the case. I'm in a rut financially, trying to dig myself out with a newly acquired job. This would be the happy ending to my story, if I could see my pay checks. Instead, for the time being, I'll be feeding my checks directly to my landlord. 

So I ask Reddit, with a humble heart and an empty stomach to help me out with a delicious pizza pie.
[REQUEST] Student here - Playing Oblivion all night for the first time. Pizza would be amazing to aid me in my journey!
Hey - The title says it all. After a week of exams, I'm letting myself spend the weekend playing Oblivion, since Skyrim is soon to come out, and I have yet to play Oblivion for myself.

I'm waiting for a client (freelance webdesign is my job) to pay me Sunday, so until then, I really have no food other than chili I made 5 days ago, and has been my only meals every day since.

I'll even do any crazy thing you tell me to do in game, if you're familiar with Oblivion, and consider it done (for better or for worst). I'll murder towns in the name of pizza!

It'd really help - thanks!

[Charlotte, NC]
[REQUEST] Indianapolis, Indiana Awesome pizza
I would like an awesome person to send another awesome person to send me an awesome pizza. Hells yeah
[request] homeless with nowhere to go
I was living with a friend until yesteday when i had to pack up my stuff and move out. Currently i dont have really anywhere to stay and very little food i just need a little something to last till the third when my food stamps come in. Any help is appreciated god bless
[Request] Toronto, Canada - Kinda ran out of cash before payday.  Will make you into an Antihero for Hire background extra for Pizza for fiancee and me
Me and my fiancee have been spending a lot recently combining Arbitrary day, cleaning supplies, steam sale, and just being really busy as of late.. so if someone could toss a pizza our way it would be much appreciated.

As compensation, you can appear as a background character in my webcomic [Antihero for Hire](http://antihero.keenspot.com), possibly running away from some sort of monster or other.

And we'll be sure to pay it forward when we get paid next!
[Request] Could use something to smile about
I'll save you all from a pity party, but right now I'm really unable to do most normal things thanks to medical issues.  I can even tell you about them if you PM me.  I don't need a pizza, but I do want one.  I have food in the house and I'm not going hungry, but pizza sounds great and because of medical issues I haven't been able to work recently (going back soon though!) and sometimes pizza is the greatest comfort of all.  I live in the midwest, if you PM I'll give you the exact location but as of right now it's not even noon so this is more of an asking in advance.  And like I said, this is a want and not a need so if someone here is way more needy then me, feel free to skip me.  Whatever happens to me, I will happily pay it forward when I can.  

Thank you.
[request?] Out of food, pay it forward - Eureka, CA
Just started my first semester of college after living on my own for the fall, and man, have I gotten some perspective. I have money in the bank but no atm card (and it's sunday, oops) - had to borrow money yesterday for the first time since moving out, but I spent it on other necessities. Wasn't thinking about food for the rest of the weekend. :(
Anyway, I'm going to be moving back in with my parents within the next few weeks, at which point I'll have much less financial obligation and would love to participate in a Random Act of Pizza. :)
If this reaches anybody willing to help out, I'd be much obliged. If not, I'll see you guys around... keep up the great work!
[Request] I'm doing a Stargate Marathon this week, hosting a few friends as well.
I'll be hosting a Stargate Marathon this Tuesday, and I've already invested over 70 bucks in it, so if anyone could contribute a pizza, it'd help out a lot.

Do note that I'm not starving or anything, I could simply use a hand in organizing this thing, specially since Pizza is the stereotypical Media Marathon food. Please do help others in dire need before sending me a pie.
request in south side columbus
would really like a stuffed crust meat lovers pizza from pizza hut with 2 ranch cups, reason -pregnant and craving one:)
[REQUEST] Dartmouth, MA. Student could really use a pizza for myself and roommate
We've been working all afternoon and we're both very hungry. We would really appreciate the kindness of a stranger!
[request] broke college student studying out the ying yang. 
No money for a while and ankles deep in three papers, studying, and party prep. The warm embrace of pizza would make my day :)

I live in Port Jervis, NY.
[Request] Idaho USA Hello. I am a law student, a poor one, and myself, my husband, and my kids have not been able to afford to eat out in months. It would be great to not have to cook and enjoy a nice hot pizza. It would be greatly appreciated and enjoyed. Thanks. Have a great day!

[REQUEST] Edinburgh, UK. All night writing an essay and could really use a bite.
I know there's probably nowhere open at this hour, but if someone does know, all I need to know is where and if they deliver.
[Request] Got fired on Tuesday, been job hunting. Could use a pizza. Minden, Louisiana
Feeling kinda depressed, had four interviews since then and I got nothing. My daughter and I would enjoy a pizza tonight for dinner.
[Request] Duluth, MN - Don't get paid til Friday.
Pretty much what it says, I would be eternally grateful for a pizza.
[Request] Celebratory pizza! My boyfriend, after almost a year of struggle can finally remove his pressure garments today!  [FL]
On August 13, 2011 there was an oil fire in my two day old apartment. My boyfriend and I had just signed the lease and moved into the place. All we has with us was a skillit, some vegetable oil, and some celebratory Goya Empanadas. Hey, we are college students, eating healthy isn't our forte. 


I put the oil on and asked him to keep an eye on it for me while I ran to the car to look for something. As I was doing that, he got an important phone call from work and forgot about the oil. I came in and the moment i shut the front door the oil spouted into a pillar of flame. Having nothing with us but the clothes on our backs, we had nothing to put out this oil fire with. 


Instead of letting our new home burn my boyfriend decided to bravely pick up the flaming skillit and take it outside. When the front door opened the flames rushed up and licked over his head giving him a few minor burns. This caused him to jerk away and made the burning oil spill all over his right hand.


He had to be skin grafted from his fingertips to his elbows. He has had to wear pressure garments since the burns healed. It is a tight, itchy, and generally uncomfortable skin tight glove and sleeve that has bothered him everyday since. But he just smiles and endures.


He just called me to say that the doctor told him he didn't need to wear his pressure garments anymore! I want to celebrate with him with a pizza, but money is tight given the medical bills. Would anyone be willing to help me thank my hero?
[Request] In Edmonton, ab just looking for pizza
no emergency just testing raop
Would you be willing to help me out? [REQUEST]
I'm a broke post-college student. There's nothing to eat here and I'm been hoping for a pizza pie all day long. Stomach is really starting to grumble! It's my birthday soon, and I'll pay it forward by giving someone a pizza at the end of next week with money from that!

There is a great place just down the road from me that makes awesome pizza, PLEASE help me out!


[Request] Rumford, ME No money until Friday..
The husband and I don't get paid until Friday, and we don't have anything to cook up for dinner tonight. We would greatly appreciate some pizza. The only place we have out here is Pizza Hut. 

Edit: I'm assuming that my request will go unnoticed. That's okay though. It didn't hurt to try.
[request] I humbly and desperately request a cheesy mercy killing of these hunger pains. 
I am in desperate need of food until I can finish training at my new job, which doesn't even start until the 14th. I have only $4 to my name, which I need for gas for when I start my job, as well as to find a white button up shirt at Goodwill. 

If anyone could help with a pie that could hold me over a few days, I'd be elated. 
[Request] Hoping for some food tonight
The current heat way somehow fried my car and i havent been able to go to work this week. Money is now at a minimum. The nearest restaurants/grocery stores are almost a mile away from my house. i was kinda hoping someone could send me a pizza. I get paid friday and can use that money to fix my car, and then pay the pizza forward.
Please help im a long time redditer that wants to remain anonymous.

[REQUEST] Ohio, Begging for my kids sake, humbly asking for my sake
I am a recently seperated mother of two wonderful kids. My husband walked out on us for someone else and left us high and dry. I have been a homemaker for 10 years. I'm actively looking for work and awaiting foodstamp benefits. It would be fantastic if a gracious redditor could randomly pick us for dinner tonight. My account is brand new but I guess everyone has to start somewhere.
[REQUEST] Europe, could use some warm nice Pizza.
EDIT: Thanks DelicateCrush, I am very thankful. :)
pizza me {{{REQUEST}}}
PIZZA ME.
[](/omg)

[Request] Olympia, Washington. Broke broke broke!! Marine Science facts for pizza?
I have $3 in my account and am spending the night preparing a presentation for class tomorrow. Will trade information on ocean acidification for pizza
[request] Hardworking mom in northern ky

Short on cash untill I get paid Friday. Kids would love to have a meal they would acutally be excited by. Pantry is not bare, just very little, and not the most tasty things left. Can provide what ever proof asked. The help is appreciated. Sometimes bills leave me with out alot of cash left. 
[Request] It is my anniversary. NY
This is just a shot in the dark, but does anyone want to buy my husband and I some pizza for our wedding anniversary? 
(Request) Hate to ask, but fallen on some very hard times.
Hey guys,

This is a throwaway account, I'm more than willing to go through the verification system if need be.  

I could really use a helping hand right now.  I've been unemployed for 6 months now, haven't been able to find much work in Birmingham other than some manual labor.  I'm not complaining, I'll do anything I have to support myself.  I'm trying to cut out all expenses in my life, got rid of my phone, internet, sold my tv, so I'm in the library using their internet and their AC.

To add insult to injury, rubbing dirt on the wound, I had to put down my chocolate lab over the weekend.  Layla was getting old, she was a great lab, and I'm torn up inside right now.

I know it's childish, but I would love to sit down with a nice pizza, something I haven't had in as long as I can remember and just kinda zone out, at least for the night.
[request] Kalamazoo, MI - Hockey and pizza
The NHL is back! When I get out of work tomorrow I'm looking forward to relaxing and watch as much hockey as I can. A pizza from the Pizza Hut right by my house would be an added plus. I've given before on another account. http://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/comments/iouna/request_im_broke_sick_recently_single_and_hungry/
Go Wings and Broncos!
Edit: just realized it's my cake day. So much karma wasted.
[Request] [Scotland] Are people really so kind?!
I'm not gonna bore y'all with some long sob story, but basically it's gonna be a looong loooong time before I can afford a pizza again, and maybe I'm just cynical but I think it's amazing people would be so generous and when I've got a bit of cash I look forward to being able to make someones day.  So if anyone would be so kind to send me a wee pizza over, I would be so thrilled :)

[Request] If i eat another pack of ramen I'm going to vomit. NYC area.
I have been eating top ramen for the passed week and I just can't tolerate the taste anymore. A nice delicious pizza will definitely hit the spot right now. Thank you in advance! 
[Request] 6 months into vegetarianism... Never had deliciousness vegetable pizza
Hey guys - my stomach has been meat/fish/animal free for 6 months. I used to crush pepperoni pizza like it was nothing. Ever since I've been doing the vegetarian thing, I haven't had any sort of pizza whatsoever.

So I'm asking if anyone can hook me up with a delicious vegetarian friendly pizza. I'd be forever grateful. (LA, West Hollywood)
[REQUEST] Morgantown, wv I lost my job and I need a pizza and a chat possibly.
I got fired from the shittiest place ever and i could really use cheesy goodness to cheer me up
[REQUEST] Ohio, USA: Would love to wind down after a rough day with some pizza.
So, long story short, today has been a really crappy day. Unfortunately, it's going to continue to be crappy until the 5th when I get my first paycheck from my new job working night shifts. I would love to turn this day around with some pizza, and I'll be paying it forward as soon as I get the paycheck. 
[REQUEST] Cambridge, UK It's my Birthday and am out of money until the weekend
As I said, turned 16 today, am stuck in a boarding school with no money, knee deep in work, was hoping for a celebratory pizza :)
[Request] Unemployed and broke, could appreciate some pizza based fuel to help with the job hunt!
I've been extremely frustrated lately not having any luck finding a job, I'm sure a lot of you know the feeling.  Getting no responses whatsoever is so discouraging.  It would be so awesome to have something other than soup or ramen, but alas I have about 90 cents to my name.  If you aren't able to help me out, but know of any job opportunities within Phoenix, AZ, please let me know!
[Request] Tn, USA. Totally told my brothers friends that i would get him pizza but realized my friends took my frozen ones... help!
So I basically am not starving or dying or have been hit by a storm but I had pizza for my brothers friends coming over but my friends took the frozen ones i bought the other night... so basically if you wanna help a brother out in the next few hours that would be great haha!
[Request] Ohio, broke and Hungry 
I would be so thankful if someone would send me a pizza any kind! any type! I haven't really had the problem of not having money for food until recently, it sucks.
[Request] Would love a pizza. [USA, TN]
Only thing that's left in the house is a few packs of ramen and other little things, but a pizza would really be amazing. We have a full house here as well, so it would really be helpful. Thank you!  
Sadly there's no big pizza chains around, so we only have a local place called Pizza Plus.   
Edit: I'm unsure if you can use Paypal online, but you can use a card over the phone, if that helps.
[Request] Las Vegas, NV. Help us celebrate our first wedding anniversary with pizza?
Hi Reddit!!

My husband and I celebrated our first wedding anniversary yesterday, but due to being broke and having to work we didn't get to celebrate! Today we are hoping to celebrate making it a year with some pizza, if you can help us out!

We greatly appreciate it :)
[Request] A Humble Request
[relevant source as to why I would ask total strangers for pizza](http://i.imgur.com/nhCti.png)

I'm a little down on my luck for a few days and if anyone can spare the charity of a sausage/pepperoni pizza, it'd be well appreciated. Thank you for your time and happy holidays. 

I live in North Georgia, near Berry College. 

I posted in the other thread, but found that this one looks more legit. 
[REQUEST] [US, CO] I will draw you on me for pizza.
'Sright. In exchange for sending me pizza, I will do my damnedest to draw your likeness on my own body. With a sharpie.

No, I'm not out of cash, I'm not grieving a loss, and I'm certainly not craving vegetables (you thought those jokes were over, didn't you?). Just looking to be part of something entertaining.

Notes: I'm NOT an art student. I'm not even very good at drawing. But I'm still going to do everything in my power to draw my very best for you. Also: you could request your favorite animal if you don't like the idea of your face drawn on some stranger somewhere.

Please also note where you'd like me to draw. Before you do, however, contort yourself and see if you could accurately draw on that part of yourself. If you can't: I can't.

Let's have some Sunday fun, shall we?
[Request] two broke college students stuck in tiny airport. Location = Newport News, VA
My friend and I's flight was canceled, and then delayed we're stuck here intill 7:30 PM and won't get to our final destination till 10. We've been here since 8:00AM. The airport is super tiny, there isn't any place to grab food. A pizza would be super clutch right now! 

our flight has been delayed again, and we're still hungry, please!
[REQUEST] laid off 3 weeks ago, work coming up but just can't swing it
Hi folks. Can't believe I'm actually asking here.

I was let go 3 weeks ago (southern California), and my old employer still hasn't given me my final check. I'm fighting, but as a person without credit cards I'm finding eating difficult. The wife and I are being as frugal as possible, but we have barely eaten since Friday.

I always made great money, but I was let go after sinking my entire savings into moving across the country for this new job.

I'm just begging for a meaty pizza mostly for my wife (/u/curiouslittlealice). She is anemic, so although supplements are helping she's still having a lot of trouble with a diet of rice and ramen.

Thanks everyone. I feel so horrible asking but I just don't have any money to get her anything more iron heavy right now.
[ REQUEST ] PRETTY College student. no money . no food . need pizza =[ MICHIGAN
Please anyone willing to send me pizza ill make sure to repay when i get the money 
[request] Down in Boston
My GF and I of two years just broke up.  I don't feel like cooking or moving but I know that I should eat so I was hoping that someone would throw this bummed out dude a za.  
[Request] Last night in current place in GA. A pizza would be a great way to finish this chapter
This year has been a rollercoaster but I'd like to cap off tonight with a pie. One year to the day since I left home for the first time, and now I'm going back to fix what I feel like I broke. Any help in this endevor would be greatly appreciated and payed forward 2x! :)
[REQUEST] Moving far away tonight and there is no food in the house. Piiiiiizza

[REQUEST] Denver, CO USA. Recently started a new job, but the pantry's still empty tonight.
I know I haven't been very active on this site, but I thought I'd give this a shot. I've been out of steady work for about a year now, and this is the first time in 8 years I won't be able to go home for Christmas. I miss my family, miss my friends, miss my steady paycheck, and tonight I'm just plain hungry. Whether this pans out or not, I intend to fulfill another Redditor's request as soon as financially feasible.
{REQUEST} PREGNANT WITH CHILDREN AND OUT OF FOOD
I'm 5 months pregnant with no food and i have a 3 and 5 year old. My husband worked through a temp agency and for the week of christmas his work slowed down so we are in a really tough bind with everything. we did get food stamps and i missed my review because i don't have a car. My kids are crying because they are hungry. so if someone could please help us out with a pizza it would really help thankyou and god bless.
{Request} Having a bad day...
I was just laid off today, due to my original job being phased out of existence. While I have been as accommodating as possible to make my employers see my ability to learn new things and excel at every job put in my path, they decided because I haven't worked there as long as others I got laid off. It was also implied that the last position I was training for couldn't be done by me because I'm a girl. (Apparently being a girl means I can't use a wrench or climb a ladder.) Unfortunately because it wasn't out right said, I can do no legal action. Could really use an upside to this day.

*
[Request] Home alone and low on karma, could use a saucy pick me up.
I prefer saucy to cheesy.
[Request] Please send pizza to hungry interns. We are the 99%
Hi stranger, my friends and I are working late in the office tonight. If you send us some pizza you'll make some interns really happy tonight :)

Also, we live in Singapore. :)
[Request]Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Ive been screwed over at work the past couple of weeks which equals no money.
I have only been working one day a week at work and I still have not received a pay check. I have been looking for a new job but no luck so far. keeping my hopes up but for now i am hungry.
[Request] Usa.Girls tired of dino nuggests
My friend and I are currently Models for Mygirlfund but they take 3 business days to transfer my money into my bank account so I don't have money for anything else right now. We have 3 dino nuggets left and they taste like sponge anyways! Will repay back once my money goes through :( Please help two starving inspiring models
[REQUEST] This is really frustrating!! Dallas, TX
I've been dating my boyfriend for three years now. We've been through a LOT, mostly due to my health. I asked for him to take time off of work last year to accompany me to my many appointments and he gladly did so. I am cancer free these days, have been in remission for six months and working two jobs of my own to pick up the slack on medical bills in collections... but he's doing nothing. I feel like a total asshole for expecting him to when I specifically asked him to take time off from his job, but I can't afford to keep both of us afloat anymore. He went home to see his family, but I'm unable to fly, so I'll be spending Christmas alone. I don't want him to see this, so I'm on a throwaway. :\ It'd be great to wallow in my holiday weekend and munch on some pizza for Christmas... I will pay this forward.
[Request] Bloated pregnant woman on bedrest would like to feed her unfortunate husband who can't cook! ;)
Hey there! I'm new here, and quite pregnant. My name is Cori. I got myself a verification code, whatever that means. I'm active on RAOAmazon. I'm new here, though. I'm on PERMANENT BEDREST until I'm induced in December. I have preeclampsia, which means for no reason than my body hates my baby, I have extremely high blood pressure and I could have a seizure at any moment. (Both my mom and my grandma lost their first children to eclampsia, the onset of the seizures, so I'm GRATEFUL to have knowledge of my condition. The docs say my baby and I should be TOTALLY fine!)

Sorry for the sob story, I know that's not what this wonderful place is about, but I just thought I'd let you know background to WHY I want a pizza! I'm off of work, obvs, because I have to be in bed all day (no more than 5 minutes on my feet at a time!), and ALSO, **my husband can't cook for SHIT**, so I'd like to take some responsibility off of him for the next two nights or so by getting him a fat pizza gift card! We have all the normal joints in our neighborhood, so any gift card would be sweet!

It would help make sure myself and my unborn child are fed something that wasn't burnt and scraped off of the bottom of the wrong pan for the occasion!

Thanks in advance for your
[Request] Atlanta, GA - broke college student having a crappy day, please help!
Hey RAOPers, today's been a pretty shitty day. I've been suffering from depression all semester long, and it's really affected my school work. I found out from our disabilities services counselor that I won't be able to pass two of my classes this semester. I also had a really shitty therapy session today that mainly resulted in a lot of crying. I hate to post a sob story, but a pizza right now would do a lot to cheer up my night, but I'm also really low on cash. I get paid next Friday, and I promise I'll pay it forward after getting my paycheck. Thanks so much!
[Request] College student in California wants some pizza! (first post)
Hello, long-time lurker here.  I have been eating things out of cans for about the past week and some meaty, cheesy, hot pizza would be amazing.  I will have money by next Wednesday so that I can get some non-canned food, but for now, I'm pretty hungry.  It's finals/report/project season and I'm super stressed out.    

More background info: college student in California, third year of my undergrad, broke until next week, etc.  

I promise to put up pics once I receive my delicious circle of food.  Also, an e-gift card is preferred because I am about to head to school and I am not sure when I'll actually order the pizza.  PM me and I'll give you my email.  We have Domino's and Pizza Hut around where I am.  

Once again, thanks so much!  (God) Bless you!
[request] Portland, OR - Spent my last bit of money on a security deposit for next month.
Hiya.

I needed a new place to live as of August 1st and have just paid my first/last and security deposit on it. I, unfortunately, don't get paid until Tuesday the 31st, and am down to 5 packages of ramen, and a jar of raspberry jam (and coffee).

Let's be friends? I'll buy you one next month. :D
[Request] Salem Indiana
My friends and I are trying to have a fun night before they leave for Seattle and we don't have enough money for pizza. Could someone be generous enough to supply us with pizza?
[Request] Totally broke and not sure when I'll eat next...
A pizza would literally keep me fed for 2 or so days, and would be a literal godsend.  I have no system to really make sure I can eat tomorrow, and emergency foodstamps take up to 7 days in my state.  Anything anyone can do would be greatly appreciated :)
[Request] Northern California
So it's the superbowl, I got no friends where I live, I am stuck at home with a broken down vehicle anyway. All I have left in the pantry till tomorrow night is crackers. A pizza would just make my day!
{Request} Just taking a chance!
I have some really good Domino's coupons and no money(well not enough to splurge on pizza anyway!) until next Thursday. If you have it in your heart to donate a gift card to me and my 3 kiddos, it would be a nice holiday weekend treat! Thanks for reading!
[REQUEST]Pretty bored of peanut butter by the spoonful!
So spice up my life with a pizza! Broke, it ain't no joke, my landlord wants to get payed, and my stomach wants something other then peanut butter. Figured I would try to get a treat before I sell my laptop!

Thanks, yo.

And feel free to mail me smokes, hardyhar, haven't had one since last Thursday.. but, hell, might as well just quit. 
(Request) Starting job on Monday at 7-11, really could use something to help hold me over for a day or two.
I've been out of work and I finally just got a job. A friend I know who works at 7-11 gave me a application today to fill out and turn in tomorrow for a job and I would be extremely grateful if I could eat well tonight (it's been a while) I figured this was the place to post! Much love and I appreciate what everyone does here. I lurk a lot but reading here usually makes my day! Thanks for reading.
[REQUEST] I'm just very hungry and I'am sick of eating beans and tuna sandwiches. (GTA)
I'm so hungry and I'm sick of having to only eat beans and tuna sandwiches, My dad works all day and my mom... well shes not in a good place so I have no money right now and I'm gonna starve. :( please.
[Request]Santa Cruz, CA, Broke college student, just need to make it through the next couple weeks...
Hi all.  It's my first time posting here, though I've been a redditor for a few years now.  I wanted to make sure that I didn't post here until I absolutely needed it.

I've been broke all summer.  I've been looking for a job, but so far I've found nothing.  In two weeks my financial aid will come in.  I have an amazing job lined up for fall and winter.  But right now I could really do with some real food.  It's been over a month since I've known where my next meal will come from.

Thank you, good people of Random Acts of Pizza, for truly understanding the value of community :)

{REQUEST} Broke and hungry in the 305 (South FL)
Instead of eating food I've been playing Borderlands on OnLive most of the day for the past 2 days. I'm completely out of food, I got a cup of flour but that isn't even enough to bother with. I've been unemployed since March, turned down for every kind of assistance I applied for, and a few weeks back they closed the one food pantry nearby I was getting what little I could from. 

Somebody I grouped with earlier killing told me to look this place up, see if I'm lucky enough to score some eats. I've been cutting lawns, doing the flea market thing, but I am tapped and have no idea when I'm gonna get anything else in. People ain't buying like they used to so even Craigslist and Ebay failed me.

Please, I need something to eat. I'm on my second play through for this character I started yesterday and I can't keep ignoring the stomach for long. Orange drops or not, Borderlands is not a substitute for edibles.
[REQUEST] Long week, nothing in the house but stale bread.
Have officially used up all my gas trying to find a job as of today, and the only thing in my kitchen is a loaf of old bread. Paying forward pizza will be at the top of my to do list, but nothing is expected seeing all the help going out to Boston:]

&lt;3
Good Friend Deserves a "gooder" Reward. Niagara, Ontario. (request)
My friend has been so kind to me and i want to Buy him a pizza but i'm a little short on cash and was wondering if anyone would be so kind to buy him a pizza. This is my first time on RAOP So please tell me if i'm doing any thing wrong.

Come on! Some one has to send him a pizza!!!!
[Request] I can finally eat again! Help us out?
Helloooo, I just got my wisdom teeth taken out on Monday and they were killing me for about two weeks prior to that. All of that equates to me not having eaten anything other than soup for almost three weeks :( I am finally feeling better and really want to eat something real, but being that I'm a bartender and haven't been able to work for over a week, I haven't made any tips that can help me with said food. To add to that, I would love to share requested pizza with my boyfriend, since he's had to deal with my drugged up whiny ass for a week, and it'd be a nice treat for him. If anyone's willing to help, we'd love to pay it forward within the next few weeks.. Thanks so much!
[Request] Help me be not hungry and not feel like a crazy cat lady
My husband left recently for a 6 week military TDY and I'm stuck here alone in this house this week with no way to get anywhere until I leave to visit my family. Our funds are really short, and I'm starting to feel like a crazy cat lady eating soup all day. My cats Friskies is starting to look good. 

Pizza would be amazingly appreciated, it solves hunger AND loneliness =] 
[Request] Stuck in Richmond, VA with no power
Hey.  We don't have any power and could really use a pizza.  Much thanks.
[Request] Kansas City, MO. Opera singer tired after opening weekend of a show. Would love to have a nice pizza to bury into.

[REQUEST] Pizza to help a headache?
I've got a killer headache from working on college shit all day (and the minecraft pre-release). Anyone care to send a pizza my way so I don't have to bother with cooking?

Coalton, Ohio.
[Request] Help poor family Chicago, IL celebrate belated daughter's birthday with gift of pizza?
Good evening RAOP sub reddit. I have been working all month living in Chicago and was able to just scrape by to pay rent for my fiance and her 12 year old daughter today. 

They have just recently come back from Des Moines Iowa after their Mom/Grandmother passed in an extended stay at hospice.

We're about another 10 days out from more food stamp credit on our Chicago Link card. 

A friend pointed out this sub reddit as we've only been eating plain pasta noodles all week. 

Other then a copy of Final Fantasy XIII I'd found a couple months ago for her (she's a huge fan), we haven't been able to give her daughter a proper birthday yet. 

If there is a kind soul out there who'd be kind enough to forward us some pizza, this small Chicago family would be most appreciative.


(Request) Pizza for mom and two brothers in El Paso TX
I have posted in the food pantry to try and get some help for my mom and brothers, but I am asking if anyone could get them a pizza or two, they ran out of the food I gave them to eat while on a bus back to El Paso, yes, it wasn't much, but I was able to get them each a protein bar and a water for the trip, but money is so tight I am struggling myself but this is not for me just them please, they are my only concern.
Mom and my brothers are good people but they fell on hard times and I didn't have the money to come home with them yet
I know a pizza by itself won't solve their problems, but after a 24 hour bus trip from my home in California back to moms home in Texas, it would be a blessing and I am trying so hard to find a way to help them, I miss them so damn much.
Well it is most likely too late to get a pizza for them this evening, but I still have faith, i talked to them and that made me happy, just wish i could do more right now.
Please help me if you can. Nicole
[Request] I've never done this before but it's been a hard few days and I could really use it...
I've heard of Random Acts of Pizza but never actually used it.  Right now it's getting into the later afternoon and I gotta say...I'm tired.  Payday is tomorrow and my stomach is hating the ramen I've been eating the last few days.

It would honestly make my entire day to have a filling, hot meal tonight.  I would love to pay it forward as soon as I have money in hand.  

Can anyone help me out?

EDIT:  Aw crud, I'm such a noob.  I left my location out of the title.  Sorry guys.  I'm in Bakersfield, California
[REQUEST]Hungry College Student (Kansas)
Hey RAoP.  I'm waiting for my next paycheck and I'm almost out of money and groceries.  Anyone willing to help me out tonight?
[REQUEST] Chiang Mai, Thailand. American English Teacher in need of cheezy sustenance to make it through to pay day!
I've been working for a month now, and only been paid minimally by one of my four jobs. I get paid by another one some time next week, but could use a bit of help. I've run through my savings and I'm in need of something besides ramen! I have a small amount of baht in my pocket, but I need it for gas to get around town to my jobs on my motorbike.

Pizzas in Thailand are only US$4, so a little help would go a long way! 

I'll get you back with legit california style tacos from my kitchen after I get paid! 

Important side note: I'm a cheese eating vegetarian.
[Request] Just paid rent, nothing left for food.
Hi everyone. I've just seen my account after paying rent and don't have enough to buy anything. I'm finally on track with rent and bills after struggling to make ends meet for a while, but this leaves me without food until the next paycheck. Could really go for some pizza! I appreciate everyone who reads this, thanks to all RAOP subscribers. 
[Request] (US, IN) A pizza would be amazing right now.
I'm majorly fatigued right now with a headache and a sore throat, and I don't feel like cooking at all (and all I have is ramen to cook anyway.) It'd make my day if somebody could hook me up with a pizza. Thanks in advance :)
[REQUEST]Broke college student would love a pizza tonight [Ontario Canada]
Hello~  

I am a broke college student and I am currently craving some pizza!  It would be awesome to eat tonight without putting myself even further into debt with my student loans.  Also, pizza is delicious!  I would be glad to repay you by way of silly pictures or chiptunes.   

Thanks for reading my post~



[Request] Surgery, a flat tire, and an empty bank account until Friday.
My fiancee had surgery last week, so I took some time off of work to stay home with her for a few days.  I was going to go grocery shopping when I got off work tonight, but when I went out to my car this morning, I had a flat tire with some sort of nail/spike sticking out of the side.  I had to buy a new tire so I can get back and forth to work.

Friday, I got paid $112, giving me a total of just under $120 in my account.  The tire and labor came out to a little over $118, leaving me 82 cents in my account to last until Friday (payday).  So I wasn't able to buy groceries tonight.  

In the fridge, we have half a pack of american cheese, a head of lettuce, and soy milk.  In the cabinet, we have a pack of ramen, three slices of bread, and some chocolate syrup.  We live week to week, and we have a grocery budget, and we plan out a weekly menu, buying just what we need for that week's meals.

I'm not going to pretend I've been on Reddit forever.  I created this account 8 months ago, but I never post.  I just come in once in a while to look at the funny stuff.  Tonight, I read an ABC news article about ROAP, and figured it was worth a shot.  If anyone is willing to help me out, we can survive on pizza for two days easily.    It's just my fiancee and myself.  

I'm posting links to a screenshot of my bank balance, a photo of the tire receipt, and my latest paystub.

Thank you ahead of time for any help, and if no one can help, I still appreciate your taking the time to read all of this.  I know it's a lot, but the guidelines said to include details.  We have a Dominoe's down the street from us.

So, yeah.  Thanks again, either way.

http://i51.tinypic.com/126fc6a.jpg
http://i51.tinypic.com/30cwzgl.jpg
http://i52.tinypic.com/2hnz9yu.jpg
http://i56.tinypic.com/1gtc7t.png


[Request] Near Omaha USA 
I ran out of money yesterday and I don't get paid for another week, but I would still love pizza. PM me for details. (IE address) 
[Request] KS.  laid off, my card got denied today... just bad luck lately
I haven't eaten in 2 days and have absolutely nothing in my apartment to eat.  I am almost ready to resort to eating Spicy Ranch sauce...
(REQUEST) Unemployed and hungry in Tucson, AZ
Unemployed and broke future soldier and his wife. Out of food and could use some help, will gladly pay it forward come January when I ship. Thank you.
(request) Aurora IL would love a treat, for a struggling family waiting for food stamps to come in
I am a single mother of three who is attending school full time and working part time.  I just applied for food stamps and it will be about three weeks before it comes in.  I do not have a car so I have no way to get to the food pantry that my kids school suggested. I don't get paid until next friday and am really really craving pizza.  (I don't have all the ingredients to make my own) 
[Request] Ontario Canada, Hanging out with my cousin, don't get paid till next friday.
No sob story here, just two guys hanging out plaing some NHL 12, looking to have a pizza. I've been a member for a bit now and will return the favour next weekend!
[request] winchester,KY
I have an 18 month old daughter and a 3 1/2 week old daughter. I am a single mother and my oldest daughter and I have a very tight bond bc I am the only person that has ever been constant in her life. I have been doing my best with trying to show her as much attention and affection as possible after having my second daughter but I can tell that my oldest daughter is having some problems adjusting to having to share my attention with her sister. My oldest daughter loves pizza...she gets so excited everytime we have pizza and she likes to eat all of the toppings and then the crust. She also likes to paint on her high chair with the pizza sauce lol!!! I would really like to have a mommy and daughter pizza and movie night but finances are really tight now that I am trying to learn how to budget for 3 people and 2 of them are in diapers. If anyone could help out and buy gift some pizza for my baby girl so I can give her a special fun night to help show her that mommy still loves her just as much as I ever have. I will definetly pay if forward and offer to gift someone else a pizza as soon as I financially can. Thank you!!!
[REQUEST - Chicago] Feeling kinda down recently; no money and stuck waiting on a check.
I'm an art student and I do Web Development to support myself. I've been waiting to get paid for a week, and am close to running out of food completely. Can't buy anymore till I get the check in the mail. Chances are it won't be here till Monday at the earliest.

A pizza would really raise my spirits. I live in the Chicago area.
[REQUEST] Richmond, VA
Hi, ROAP. I'm in a bit of a bind until Friday - I thought the money I was pulling from my savings/mutual fund for living expenses would be here by today but I just called USAA and they said it won't be available until Friday. I'm good on rent, utilities, and gas until then but I have two apples to my name and only have $38 (soon to be $13 after I go to the doctor's tomorrow). Living on a pizza and probably some more fruit that I pick up tomorrow won't be super healthy, but it'll get me to Friday =)

Verification code available, other pics available on request. Thank you vm in advance.

[Monies proof](http://imgur.com/OvbsY)
[Request] Highland Park,NJ Would love to suprise my girlfriend with a large plain pie
Hey, guys i am at my girlfriends house and i wanna suprise her with a large pie. I would buy it but, currently we are saving up to move to Colorado in two months(so money is tight). Wondering if anyone could help us out?
[request] Chattanooga, TN. New to this but my daughter and i would love a pizza this evening
My friend told me about this sense things have been a little tight lately due to a separation between me and my wife, enough sob story(herd you guys aren't big on those) but i would love to surprise my daughter tonight with her favorite a bacon and jalapeno  pizza while we watch nightmare before Christmas.  So if someone would be kind enough to help in my attempt to keep her mind off her me and her mother i would be more then happy.  And i will be sure to help someone else when i get paid on Friday.  Thank you all for being awesome!
[Request] Could really use a pizza... (EU)
Hey,

It's been a rough week and I'm tired of eating rice and ramen. A pizza would sure hit the spot. I live in Dublin/Ireland.

Thanks
[Request] UK - Student with no money and no food feeling desperate.
Until my student loan comes through on monday/tuesday (I've been assured) I basically have nothing to eat. Friends have been cooking me dinner every night this week, but I thought maybe reddit might buy me lunch today. I've never done this before, not exactly sure how it works.
[Request] Have a Newborn and Ahhhhhh! (Dallas, TX)
Hello, right now I have my newborn daughter in my left arm as I type this with my right. If released even for a moment she will start screaming very loudly for a twelve-day-old person. 

I would like to humbly submit my request for a free pizza. Cooking a meal has been...difficult shall we say and both my wife and I are very tired of Ramen Noodles and Lean Cuisine.

I know Papa John's has a deal this weekend but Dominos is the only place that delivers to my address in my area. 

Thank you in advance!
[Request]Broke, Penniless, and in a Pinch! Bad day needs a good ending.
Well, they say when things get worse the shit hits the fan. Well in my case the shit hit the fan, the fan blade let loose, and smashed into my damn window!

Lost my job, bank account is under, Lost all of my groceries i just bought when the power went out, and my car is acting like its gonna kick the bucket.

All that being said, being I have no food, I sure could use a tasty pizza. At least the only thing good about my day could be what lies in my stomach.
[REQUEST] Virginia, USA  Not sure how I'm going to feed my kids tonight.
I just want to say, "thank you," in advanced to all you kind souls.  I'm at a breaking point today and I really, REALLY *despise* asking for handouts but I've had a couple nervous breakdowns since this AM.

**Here's my situation:** I'm beyond broke.  A couple of medical bills from the end of last year have put me WAY off my budget and I'm trying desperately to catch up. I'm behind on my mortgage, car and lights. On top of that I got stopped yesterday by the police while travelling from one job to the next and found out my license has been suspended from an old fine I forgot to pay.  So this morning I had to get my license straight, which costed $275 that I didn't have.  The best part was finding out on the way home this AM that my water got cut off.  That costed me another $180 that I didn't have.  I've never been so desperate in my life.

I need help, more help than a single pizza, I know, but one meal would mean the world for me right now.  I've got nothing in the cupboards to cook tonight and the money I was planning to buy dinner with is GONE.  I get paid tomorrow so a little kindness tonight would go such a long way.  

I have three children and they are the real reason I'm asking for this tonight. I have a daughter, 9YOA, and twin boys, 2YOA.  One of my sons has a congenital heart defect and has been through three surgeries.  I'm a paramedic and I'm working as hard as I can to provide for my kids and allow my wife to finish school.  

I can provide proof if needed through PMs.  Please, someone, find it in your heart to assist me this one time.  I don't ever ask anybody for anything, I'm usually the one helping others.
[request] Pizza for a beautiful day?
I'm in the Pacific Northwest. Yesterday we had a beautiful, cloudless day, and while there's clouds out today - it's bright and shiny and pretty outside.  Could use a pizza to go with the gorgeousity while I'm stuck inside plugging away at a Java Programming I course. And yes I know, that's not a word. Unfortunately I live out in The Sticks (tm) and nobody delivers to me, but I'm willing to drive out and pick up a pizza.  (Dominos has that 7.99 lg pizza carryout deal, which helps)
[Request]22 year old college senior, car accident has emptied my bank account, Im short on rent, and I have nothing but condiments in my apt. Help is greatly appreciated
I know this is cliche, but I got into a car accident and getting it fixed emptied my account. I need the car to allow me to get to school and work. I am 300$ short on rent and am trying to sell of any non essentials in my apt. I have no food in my apt other than the condiments in my fridge. I hate asking but help would be greatly appreciated, and when i get back on my feet I would be glad to pay back the favor.

Im in San Marcos TX

If you want pics of the car, just ask.

[REQUEST] I am a college student. I have no sad story I would just like some pizza.
I am only a freshman in college in Georgia. I don't have a job so I don't have any money to buy pizza. I am applying to three places. If I am pizza'd or not I will either just give or PIF. 
[REQUEST] Hungry in Ontario, Canada
Hungry in Waterloo, Ontario here. Will eat anything besides ramen =/

EDIT: can pay back in about a weeks time
[REQUEST] Friend is stuck at home with no food would really love to hook her up with a pizza
My friend tore her leg muscles and cant really walk that much at the moment she doesnt have much to eat at her gmas and would really love a pizza I told her i might be able to get her one please and thank you from her and I. Also in Illinois I missed that in the title first post here sorry
[Request] No sob story. Just really been stuck in a rut lately. Very active account - just need something to eat, please. I'll do anything.
Hey everybody, I've read through a lot of these requests, and there are a lot of people much worse off than I, so if it comes down to it, I hope they get help first.
That being said, I would be extremely grateful if someone would be willing to help me out. Like I said, I don't have a sob story, no little children's mouth's to feed, but I'm kind of stuck in a rut in life, and I think pizza might cheer me up. I couldn't tell you the last time I didn't have a meal that wasn't prepared out of a plastic bowl or metal cup. If someone had it in their heart, and wanted to help me out, I would be forever grateful.

Thanks.
[Request] Have rheumatoid arthritis, week's been pretty bad; broke, and can't stand or hold things very well, today's been the worst (Southern Ontario)
My wonderful buddy LainIwakura came to my rescue, so I'll be eating tonight :3 Thanks to all you anyway!

This'll be as short as possible since typing is a bit painful (I am also a programmer, the irony), I'm 19, former CS student, but the past year my arthritis (rheumatoid, and osteo in the right knee) has gotten bad enough I had to drop out of uni, leave my job, and recently got the power cut in my apartment- currently I'm house-sitting at my parent's who are on vacation, but they've sort of kept an empty fridge since they've left for 3 weeks and I've come to the conclusion rum is not a proper substitute for food.

I'm in Ontario (Windsor to be exact), so this might be a bit of a pain, and I'm not sure I how I can pay you back, save paying it forward when I'm not at rock bottom. Honestly I'm not even sure where to get pizza around here :3

Thanks regardless to you lovely people for this sub even existing!
[Request] I have not had real pizza in a year.
So, last summer I was diagnosed with Celiac Disease.  It's an autoimmune disorder where the body freaks out over gluten, a protein in wheat, barley and rye (And most processed foods, due to cross-contamination in factories).

Since then, I haven't been able to eat most breads, nor gluten-free foods processed in facilities where they might have gotten contaminated by something that contains gluten.  Obviously, this means pizza's out.

When I first was diagnosed, I tried to eat gluten-free pizzas - they were all absolutely terrible, and I just gave up.

I'm appealing to you guys, now.  **Pizza used to be my favorite food, and now I can't eat it.**  I live in Brooklyn, NY.  If anyone knows of a place in the borough that does decent, gluten-free pizza **that is also prepared in a celiac-friendly kitchen** (this is very important, just being made with gluten-free ingredients isn't enough), please let me know.  You don't even need to buy me any, just tell me that it exists and I'll go there myself first thing tomorrow.

Thanks for your time, redditors.  Have a slice and think of me!
[Request] Any chance of a pizza for a flat of poor Scottish students
No great sob story here, just some students getting ready to go back to uni in a few weeks looking for pizza to brighten up a very rainy Sunday evening.
[Request] No food in house, no money. Help would be appreciated.
No food in house, no money. Help would be appreciated. Thanks
[REQUEST] Berkeley, CA Rainy weather and empty stomach = sad panda :(
Hello redditors,

I'm an unemployed college grad who moved up to Berkeley to pursue my startup dreams.  I've tried to find part-time work, but it seems like not many folks are currently hiring.  I've tapped my savings, and the fridge is empty.  Please, help a brother out!
[Request] We're all wasted in Chicago and would love a pizza to sover up.
That title took for fucking ever to write. 

That sentence too.

And that.

Fuck.
[Request - US] New town, job didn't work out, funds dwindling
Hey friends- I just moved to a new town to attend graduate school in the fall. I was told by my employer, Walmart, that transferring to a store down here would be no problem at all. As it turns out- the Walmart down here can't find a spot for me for at least a few more weeks. I will get my last paycheck in the mail (from the last Walmart I worked at) late next week, but my funds have dwindled from the move and I haven't been able to afford much more than a box of ramen to keep me full. I just learned that a church across the street from me runs a food pantry, but they're only open on Wednesdays. If a redditor would be kind enough to help me fill my belly this evening, I will gladly return the favor when funds return. Many thanks, Sarah
[REQUEST] PDX could really use a pizza during renovations
We're working on our house, and flat broke because of it.  Tonight will be spent with a lot of rental equipment and flying dust, and I know my husband would be the happiest if he could sink his teeth into a few slices of pepperoni pizza.  Anyone who can help us out?  We'd be oh-so-grateful!
[REQUEST] Oahu, HI.  EBT maxed. tired of PB&amp;Js.  Will return the favor in 4 days if needed.
Oahu, HI. EBT maxed, broke. tired of PB&amp;Js. Will return the favor in 4 days if needed.
Birthday request! 
Today is my boyfriend's 18th birthday. I'm not able to see him today (sadly) and I want to send him something to let him know I'm thinking about him. Flowers and chocolates are typically for girls. Haha. He loves pizza. This is perfect. Does Reddit wanna help? 
[Request] unemployed college student and family in need of $12 Dominos eGift Card (Northwest Arkansas)
For the past two months, I have been trying to get a job (but with still no luck) so I could get the money to pay my college just over $500 by the end of June so I can continue going to school. Luckily, my parents were kind enough to help me pay that by taking on twice as many hours at work. However, with the deadline for the college payment being in the next few days, the house has very little food for the rest of week. 

I feel bad that my parents are working so hard and giving up so much because of me, and I would like to pay them back and give them a decent meal for the night (and leftover-lunch).

If anyone is willing enough to give a $12 eGift Card for Dominos to help, I am totally capable of using online coupons like a boss to be able to feed my whole family very well.

TL;DR my family has very little food now and we would greatly appreciate a $12 eGift Card for Dominos to feed the whole family.
[REQUEST] Help me restore my roommate relations, minimal caloric intake
Throwing myself at your feet, oh charitable redditors. 

There is nothing special about my circumstances.  I am tens of thousands of dollars in student loan debt, 3 months out of school with not even fast food franchises hiring me.  My food outlook tonight is bleak, and instead of mooching my roommate's little bit of groceries for the umpteenth time, I'd like to instead surprise her with pizza. 

The day I get an actual paycheck I will pay it forward

Proof I'm not a robot: http://imgur.com/j6SP9

PM for verification code &amp; details
[Request] In Brooklyn NY with a head cold and would love a pizza!
Exactly what it says. I've been sick for the last couple of days and would love a pizza seeing how there's no food in the house either.
[Request] Some noms for the kiddo and I. Michigan. I can gladly pick up.
We have a pizza hut, dominos, papa johns, basically all the big chains here. I'm just looking for a quick meal for the lil one and myself. 2 topping, medium would probably be plenty for us. (and garlic butter. mmmm butter.) I don't know if anybody has deals with breadsticks but we could take em or leave em. :-)

I've requested and had it filled once, and pizza'd it forward. I will try to do so again come payday. If not this next one, ONE VERY SOON! 

Thanks for reading!!!
Request: Starting a new job on Monday, no more food for the rest of the week.
Hey reddit,

I'm; not gonna bore everyone with my sob story, but it's been a long hard road to find and get a job in this economy, and I couldn't be happier,

Sadly, my food supplies have run out for the rest of the week, and wondered if someone had it in their soul to help a guy about to turn his life around.

I'll be back on here ASAP to pay it forward when I can.
[Request] My girlfriend broke up with me - Can anyone PLEASE help me feel better? Long Island, NY
This is a throwaway, I'm not ready for my friends who know me on reddit to know what happened. If someone wants to know my real username before buying, I'd gladly tell them. 

So I'm honestly just having an incredibly shitty day, and a kind gesture from a stranger would really help me feel better. I'd really appreciate it.

Thank you!
[request] Pizza in Berkshire, England. 
Ok so basically, I'm a hungry motherfucker who wants some god damn pizza, but can't be fucked to pay for it because I'm a lazy cunt, plus I just spent a fuck ton on pornhub subscriptions, so a pizza would be appreciated, plus if you buy me a pizza I will give you an internet/reddit high five.
Request '' Santiago, Chile. Bank card wont work.
So my bank card mysteriously stopped working.  And  so I cant withdraw cash.  I sent a message to the bank but they wont get back to me for 24 hours.  Basically I havent eaten today.  I have to get off the hostel computer so I cant stick around so please post in the comments if you decide to help me out so other users know.  I´m staying at Hostal Forestal, Coronel Santiago Bueras 122, Santiago de Chile and my name is Nick.  This subreddit is amazing by the way!
[Request] [US] Money is kinda tight right now, as is food. A pie could really help me get through the next couple days!
Hey all, I running a bit low on funds and food right now, after paying rent and bills, and I don't get paid until later in the week.  Been eating oatmeal the past couple days, but a pizza could really help me out!

UPDATE: No longer needed, got pizza'ed by /u/anthylorrel over in /r/RandomActsOfPizza
[REQUEST] Save Me From Myself
My ex wife got married yesterday.  It hasn't even been a year since we divorced.  I always believed we'd work things out.  I made lot of desperate attempts in the last month as the wedding got closer topping it off by pouring my heart out and basically begging her not to go through with it.  You can imagine how far any of that got me.  I actually spent yesterday believing I'd get word that she called it off.  I stayed up all night checking her facebook page to see if it happened.  At 8am I finally crashed.  A few hours later I woke up and there was the wedding picture, front and center.  A little bit after that she had her name changed on there, and that was that.  

The last thing I had to eat was a granola bar for breakfast yesterday.  I've got no food in the house, and quite honestly, I've started drinking and driving wouldn't be the best idea.  And you know what?  I'm going to keep drinking.  Part of me knows that I should eat though, or it's going to be that much worse tomorrow.  I've got no money though, no food, but plenty of drink.  I'm going to continue torturing myself tonight, and tomorrow will be a new day.  Tonight I wallow though.  It hurts.

Cheers!

P.S.  Am I the only one who thinks that the first wedding your kids are in shouldn't be one of their parents?
[Request] Broke college student at Drexel in Philly and friends looking for some pizza as a studying snack
Really nothing more to say. Been inside all day studying and all of us are hungry.
(request) I'd gladly buy two Pizzas for someone on Tuesday for a Pizza today.
I'll keep it simple. I'm broke because of some unfortunate events. I'm working all day in a crappy mall with no food. I would really love a pizza. If I get a pizza today before my shift ends at 9pm EST, I'll buy two different users on RAOP a pizza on Tuesday. 

Edit: Tuesday is my pay day. 
[Request] Can you help me pay for the delivery, tip and taxes?
Hello reddit

A friend of mine showed me this website the other day and today he told me that one of you might be able to help me with my dilemma.

Apparently I accumulated enough points in Papa John's to get a free pizza, but I sadly don't have the cash to pay for the delivery free, tip and taxes that are involved with the order.

Can one of you guys help me out with this?

Thanks and keep rocking people with pizza!
[Request] Im broke and really hungry memphis tn
Flat broke havent ate all day live in memphis tn any help will be greatly appreciated
[REQUEST] It's either Pizza or Soup again in Pennsylvania
I've been putting a serious dent in my soup cabinet all week. Could really go for Dominos but I can't afford it. Anybody want to make my day?
[REQUEST] Knoxville, TN Two sisters who chose bills over food.
My sister and I live in the Fort area of Knoxville, and our shorter summer hours at work have allowed us to pay our bills (rent, medical, etc.) only.  Food is a little bit more difficult to come by because I have Crohn's/cannot eat gluten, but nearby pizza joints have been offering gluten-free options. 
Any help would be so incredibly appreciated. Come next week, we'd love to return to the favor, too. Peace and love to all of you!
[REQUEST] Chicago, IL Area - Pizza!
I've been told about this website from various sources and I think this is an amazing place because I love pizza!

I have a couple people over to have a good time, we bought some beer, and now we have the drunkin munchines. HELP! 

A future request for pizza will be accepted by me. 
[REQUEST] Boston, MA, International student - would really love a pizza right now.
Hey Guys. Anyone cares to help me out with a pizza, i am really dying for one right now and i can't really afford it. I study music by the way :-) 

[Request] Florida - I have no dough to buy and eat delicious topping-covered dough.
And I'm more than a little nervous right now because I'm doing a lot of job applications, getting a couple interviews for jobs, and really am in a tight spot money-wise, having been out of regular work for nearly ten months. Want to unwind this evening and a sudden urge for pizza goodness crept into my stomach.

^^I ^^verified ^^via ^^the ^^sidebar.
[Request] Chicago, IL - Looking to get some food tonight, if possible
Four of us are trying to find some food for tonight with out empty wallets. If its possible, we'd love to accept someone's nice warm pizza.

We live in a suburb of Chicago, close to plenty of franchises, and little pizza joints as well. If anyone is feeling generous tonight, please PM me.

Thanks

-- llanox
[REQUEST] Just fired in WA.
Yea..

This was a new job that I really enjoyed after 3 months of unemployment and filling applications. Rent's paid, thank goodness, but I've already promised the power company my paycheck (and then some). I've got some food to last me the end of the week but just don't want to start the ramen already. I could use a pizza for dinner tonight, guys, and a smile. 2012's been rough.
[REQUEST] Manchester, NH. Jobless and Hungry on my birthday.
I have no money for food, and have to eat at a soup kitchen for dinner, was wondering if anyone could get me a pizza for my birthday.
[REQUEST] It's this or peanut butter, and I'm tired of peanut butter :(.
My boyfriend and I are in a bad spot right now, and it's been a really long, hungry week. The majority of our situation is detailed [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/comments/lvgsj/request_please_help_us_keep_a_roof_over_our_heads/). Basically, we're both out of work right now, and life just kinda sucks. We've both had to drop out for the semester, missed too many classes due to not having enough gas. We're looking for full-time work, but so far the 6 temp agencies we both signed up for haven't called. 

One redditor was willing to donate a very generous $150, but it won't be transfered to my bank via Paypal until Friday or Monday. Our pets have food for the moment, but their humans are very hungry! Our cabinets/fridge are basically bare, other than spices and seasoning. We used up the last of our leftovers yesterday, and now we're down to bread, peanut butter, and water. And we've had a LOT of peanut butter, bread, and water lately. I hate to ask, but we literally don't even have a dollar until that money shows up.

If anyone wanted to send us a pizza or two, that'd be amazing. Signed up for a verification code just in case ;). We'd be more than willing to send you pizza(s) back when our transfer goes through, pay it forward to some other person here in need, or provide any variety of services as part of the agreement. Also, FWIW, we're in Bonner Springs, Kansas. Have Pizza Hut within delivery distance, and Dominos/Papa Johns within pick-up distance.

Please?
[REQUEST]Teen on summer break with both parents at work
Im sitting at home talking to some people online and i have a friend over. 
We all just craved some pizza. I told them we would try this site out because we have no money. We have a dominoes nearby and i dont want to give my parents address out on the internet so i would love a giftcard.
[Request] Cleveland, Ohio. Don't want to eat ramen for dinner again tonight.
Hi guys, I would loveeeee a pizza tonight. If anyone feels like giving one away I would love you. Thanks
[request] broke till friday. at college with an hour and a half to kill.
corinth, tx  in between classes. hard to study with a stomach like tis. willing to pay it foreward friday when i get my college disbursement.
(Request) Well this is embarrassing. Stupidly got pick-pocketed when in Baltimore today.
Basically the title. I was in Baltimore looking at some potential apartments for my junior year in school. I think the pick-pocket got me while waiting in line at KFC because I didn't have it on me when I got up to the cashier to make the order :/ New card (and ID) is being sent but won't get here for a couple of days. I would really appreciate the help, you guys. 
Thanks in advance to anyone :)
[ Request ] Family hungry can anyone help a retired Army Sargent ?
Hi, I'm a retired Army Sargeant going through a tough time. I need help feeding my family this evening and if anyone can help I'll be gladly appreciated. Thanks for reading this hope someone can help us out.
[REQUEST] Michigan, USA. Physical therapy students trying to make the world a better place, but we sure are poor!
After a rough couple of exams, we would love to have a pizza to enjoy and relax for a night. Tons of class and school work is getting us down. Any help would be awesome, and we would love to pay it forward when we graduate and get jobs! :)
[REQUEST] Two hungry 19 year olds living on own -San diego
Hello, I was informed about this site through someone. Both my roommate and I share funds and our bank account is at 4 dollars till Friday. We thought we would just be able to go without food till then but our rumbling tummies tell us other wise. If anyone would be kind enough to send a pizza our way we would greatly send someone a pizza once we get paid even tough our pay will be cut short being my roommate had taken a week off due to being sick . Thank you to anyone who is willing to help.
[request]  Birthday and lonely
Not having a great time during my first day on reddit, or a great birthday.  A pizza probably wouldn't help, but I could use a pick me up.
location: University of Michigan.

received: from tanyagal2
[Request] I always imagined my first RAOP post would be to give a pizza...but now I need help. North County, CA
I dont like doing this.. the whole asking a stranger for help thing. Ive always been more inclined to give than receive. Unfortunately, here I am with a request.

 I live in a 2 bedroom apartment in Escondido CA. I have been paying rent here by myself for 2 months. Last month I finally found a roommate that seemed so promising. She gave her security deposit of 100 bucks and was planning on moving in tomorrow (june 1st). Two days ago she backed out.. I have 700 bucks in my account and dont get paid for 2 weeks. My rent is $1200. Needless to say I am freaking out. 

I havent been shopping for food for 2 weeks, I have beans and rice left thank god.. Im starting to look like shaggy from scooby doo since I cant afford a hair cut. Im using TP from my work and dandruff shampoo as hand soap. There have been better days.

Look, I have been a RAoP reader for a while and I have always wanted to buy some deserving stranger a pizza. I know that there are people who deserve this more than me. Its kind of depressing having my first post here be a request. But this is my promise, the second I can afford to help others here, I will. The karma will be passed on. Im just at a low point and a simple pizza would really brighten my outlook.. thanks for reading guys. You all rock my socks with the kindness Ive seen here.
[Request] Ca, USA - Can't afford lunch today, no food in the house to make it.
I'm in a transitional phase where I'm looking for my first job and I can't spare any money to feed myself because all my savings need to go to my portion of the rent. My room mates are refusing to share any of the food they can easily afford with me and I'm very uncomfortably hungry. I'm not sure how this works but a friend suggested I try it and I'm offering whatever I can in way of art in return for being able to afford lunch today. I can draw animals and stuff.

Please and Thank you. Your consideration means a ton to me.
[Request] I don't believe in a lot, but I believe in Pizza, kindness, and the random nature of people
Would love some pizza and to pay it forward soon, my random kind pizza loving compatriots 
Request: Poor cat lady needs a bit of help with some food. 
I'm located in Madison, WI. I just spent the last money I had ($6.00) on food for my cat. I don't get paid again until the 18th, and at that time I will pay it forward. I would very much appreciate this. 
[Request] Let's just be honest...
I'm a 20 year old college kid in East Tennessee who works retail but doesn't get nearly enough hours. I'm out of money until Wednesday and seeing how I have never tried this subreddit out, I figured it couldn't hurt to join this community if I will be accepted. I promise to pay it forward later on in the week when I get paid! I hope you guys can make my night since I'm home alone on a Saturday, haha. 
[Request] hungry grad student watching football. Thought I'd throw up a Hail Mary and post to RAOP!
Willing to respond with creative photography of pizza.
[Request] First time request, I have $5.54 in my bank account and can't afford to buy food.
I haven't had more than 10 dollars in my bank account for the past month. I'm in college and my boyfriend has been paying for my food since october. I just want to do something nice for him and buy him a pizza :) I can show a picture of my bank account if necessary 
[Request] Help out a college student in NYC!
wallets empty, plus finals and wrapping up the final week at my internship...i would really appreciate a nice fresh steaming triangle of cheese at this moment in time.

cheers


[Request] Help a college student out?
Hello there. I'm not thrilled about asking, but myself, my roommate, and my girlfriend are quite hungry. The three of us have a class through dinner on Tuesdays/Thursdays, and this week, there's just nothing left in our fridge to cook, and none of us gets paid until tomorrow.

If any redditors are around and would like to donate a pizza to our cause, we'd be very thankful! 
REQUEST- Broke and Starving. 
Finally created an account on reddit for this post alone, basically the situation is that I was paid on friday, and my bank (Arizona Federal Credit Union) has placed a hold my payroll check for a couple of days now. I was told that it would be included in my "available balance" 6pm MST, however it has still not shown up. The banks are now closed, my account in still negative, and I am stuck at work till 11 pm. I was counting on ordering something once the funds were available, but alas I will be hungry tonight. Unless there is a kind soul out there who responds to this message. 

P.S. - This is the first time I have done something like this, and would love to repay the favor for someone tomorrow. Its a lot easier on my conscious if I consider this a loan, rather than a freebie. Thanks again!
[Request] Help out a Dad please?
Mass., US.  I'm flat out broke until tomorrow with no food in the house for dinner tonight.  My daughter is 2 and we usually do a pizza and movie night every once in a while, and she's been asking about it.  I've got rent and car payment coming up, and bill collectors calling.

I try to not let my wife know exactly how bad we are when it gets like this, but she mentioned we didn't have anything for dinner tonight, and I can't get groceries until tomorrow.  Can anyone help out?  Thanks a billion.
[Request] Broke student needs would love pizza.
I'm a broke college student that would love a pizza.  I have only $2 right now and have no food out my apartment. I will not be able to buy food until next week. I hate to ask for help but a pizza could go a long way and give me a few meals.  I promise to return the favor as soon as I have the money to.  
[REQUEST] Would love to reward my son with Pizza
Located in Ottawa, Canada

Due to some issues with a previous employer my wifes EI was cut really short unexpectantly. Because of this funds have been extreemly tight around the house. This week has been the first week back at school for my son who is in Grade 4. My son suffers from Aspergers and was really nervous about going back to schoo due to diciplin issues in the past. The last 3 days he has tried really hard and after speaking with his teacher today (She mentions hes putting lots of effort in) I would love to reward him with some nice yummy pizza.

Want to say thanks in advance! And I honestly cant wait to be in a better situation to return the favor to the community
[Request] LAN party with funds blown on beer needs some help.
Having a throwback LAN party with couter-strike, diablo, warcraft ect. Running low on chips and hoping for something with more substance to fuel us the rest of the night. Location, NY USA Thanks for the help!
[REQUEST] Broke and smoking Hookah, no food...Need some pizza
I live in Sherman Oaks, California and have like no food in my small apartment. Gonna get hungry when smoking so it would be great if someone could send some pizza. Picture: http://imgur.com/lct7R

I would be super thankful to whoever would send pizza, and we can pm the exact location and address.
[Request] SO coming back from the hospital
My SO is 32, has multiple sclerosis and is on disability. He went out of state to get a controversial surgery that's suppose to help his symptoms. It was paid all out of pocket by him and his parents. He's going to be home in a couple hours and I'd love to surprise him with pizza since he has been through so much stress these past few days. (And we are broke until the 1st) I can at the very least prove the MS/on disability parts if you would like. This would mean so much! Thanks in advance!

*Edit for spelling.
[request] Girlfriend is getting screwed by her employer and has no food budget. Shes freaking out and i would love to cheer her up.
Hey all. Long story short my girlfriend recently had to move from home to Montreal, QC for work. She was told that she would be taxed in Ontario, but it turns out she is being taxed in Quebec. **That is a huge difference.** Her budget is shot and she really has no money left for food.

 I will help her out a little bit but i am unemployed and living in Ontario still. Please Help me cheer my girlfirend up! I can honestly say i will make an effort to pay this forward.
[request] pizza for a couple having a rough month in Kenora, Ontario, Canada?
I am just now finding this subreddit and boy did it come at the perfect time. At the beginning of the month, my father passed away, leaving my husband and I to beg off family to pay for the plane ticket to Texas. Worth it to say goodbye to my daddy, but still horrible. When we got back my husband discovered he was not being hired as a teacher at the school he worked at for the following year because he wasn't catholic enough (yes, it was a Catholic school board). This after two years of working for this board, being an active member of the school community, and being loved by all of the students and their parents. He was devastated.
Right now he is sitting at the kitchen table filling out application after application... We have $20 inour bank account and his last paycheck, coming in two weeks has to be spent for our big move to Toronto in a month. I am unemployed (I'm immigrating to Canada and they haven't issued a work visa yet) and just want to see my husband have something super neat and nice happen. Earlier he came into the room and said he wished we could order a pizza... Half an hour later I found this! 
I'm willing to provide any proof you ask for and as soon as we are on our feet again I wOuld love to return the favor! Is there anyone willing to give a random act of pizza to a couple looking to smile at least once this month?!

UPDATE:
Dinner box arrived! Here are some pictures of my husband and I with our amazing treat from Belgar! My husband was so freakin' surprised! It was awesome! So thank you for totally making out evening!! Also, sorry if I'm doing this wrong!!

http://imgur.com/9BPcd

Seriously, best meal I've had in awhile! :D
http://i.imgur.com/VVWEJ.jpg
[request] really would love some pizza I can give you...
I can give you $25 dollar iTunes card ,I'm super hungry and would love some pizza. thanks
edit in Nebraska
[request!] two late night employees, no wallets
Here I am at work. With my coworker. Were here until 9:30 and realize neither of us has our wallets.. Wed love a pizza. And he already said to me he'd go halfsies on repaying the favor next time we work together, for someone else on here! Were in NH right now and will be here until 9:30 eastern time. So if someone wants to feed us it'd be lovely :]
[Request: South Chicago] Redditor forgot his wallet!
So, I'm a fool and forgot my wallet. I'm alone at the office terminating Cat5e cable for the next (at least) 8 hours, and I'm hungry!

Anyone willing to help out? I promise to pay it back at least twice when I get get home tonight, and if its too late, tomorrow during the day!
[REQUEST] Vancouver, BC - I am in between compensation cheques and hoping to have something other than instant noodles tonight.
EDIT:  A redidt-donor who wishes to not be named had helped me greatly with more than a pizza!  Thanks so much! 

------

I recently suffered a lower back injury putting me out of work until I recover completely and I am waiting on my next cheque from the workers compensation board and trying to make my current grocery situation (instant noodles and chicken noodle soup) last as long as I can.

A small break from noodles for a night would be greatly appreciated.

Snip of the current balance. http://i.imgur.com/jWtYr.jpg
[Request] Washington, DC 3 Day Gaming Binge
I'm just getting out of a three day gaming comma with the Uncharted Series. The game was so good I couldn't put it down. Now that it's over, I'll be making any repairs that need be done in my life and continuing it. Sad to say, this binge wasn't premeditated and I am low-on-funds. I haven't had a real meal in three days.
I not sure how to say this better so: Please buy me some pizza! I'm so damn hungry!
[Request] I wonder how this works. USA Georgia
It's my awesome birthday. Help a brother out plox?
 [request] Houston Texas, USA broke sick college student would love some pizza for today
i have no money till tomorrow, only have -$90 dollars in the bank, and tired of eating canned food and oat meal, would love to have some pizza for today. oh and it seems like i am starting to get a small fever too, yay me!
[Request] Roommate and I are in a bad spot.
Recently my roommate and I were both let go from the local hotel where we worked front desk.  We have been struggling to get by as unemployment barely pays enough to cover our basic expenses.  Lately we have eaten a lot of ramen/rice/toast/etc.  As of yesterday we are entirely out of food so today we decided we would try to apply for food stamps.  The application process is a lot of paperwork and processing so hopefully we can get some assistance by next week.  I'm not a fan of asking for handouts but when you haven't eaten in a few days I guess you just have to swallow your pride.  If anyone can help us out we would truly appreciate it and will definitely pay it forward when our financial situation turns around.  
Location Rhode Island

**TL;DR**  Sooo poor and sooo hungry.  

Also [here's a picture of my cats!](http://i.imgur.com/2ZNKYAI.jpg) because of well, ya know, reddit.  As a side note despite their owners situation, these kitties are **never** without food.  I would never let a helpless animal suffer because i'm having trouble making ends meet.
[Request] very stoned and hungry, would love pizza :)
First time ever on here, would love any pizza please, very hungry with the munchies
[Request] Just a medium pepperoni would be great.
Isla Vista, CA. Down to my last few dollars on my last week of school, with nothing but Top Ramen left. I almost think all the sodium is starting to make me tweak. Or maybe it's just all the instant coffee.

(REQUEST) Two college students out of milk. 
Two college students studying for finals week, was going to make a box of Kraft Mac and Cheese but am all out of milk and already had eggs once today. Any help would be paid forward when work study checks come in. 
[Request] Bank account was frozen and fridge is empty in Fayetteville, NC
My wifes and mine bank account were frozen due to someone hacking them and trying to steal money but now we don't have any money or food for a couple days can someone square us away with a pizza.
[REQUEST] Home alone, really hungry and really upset, could use some Za to drown my sadness in some cheesy lovin.
So I am currently home alone, having a miniature break down about the fact that I have no real friends anymore and that I might or might not be a complete waste of space. Pizza in my opinion is the ultimate comfort food. My day, well my whole summer, has been pretty bad. I've pretty much been black listed from my home town and I feel more alone and worthless than I have in a really long time. A pizza would definitely cure me of my constant sobbing that's been happening all day. So if anyone is feeling like cheering up a sad nobody in Colorado, I would be sooooo happy.....
[Request] Broke girl in Texas, just wants a thin crust with extra cheese. 
I've never done this before, but, it doesn't hurt to describe myself. 18, living away from home, barely enough to cover rent in the bank and starving. Pretty, pretty pleaseeee. I'd kill for some Domino's, right now.
[Request][FL]Overdrafted college kid, no real pity party, just looking for some food for today and tomorrow
Hey, me llamo David, and I attend Full Sail University Online and live in Florida.  My living expense check is sent out on Thursday, but my roommate doesn't get paid until Friday, so I was wondering if someone could gift us a pizza?  I can return the favor in a week or two, or I'll pay it forward to someone else.  

There are some pretty good deals for large pizzas here at our local pizza hut.  I'm easy to appease.  Don't even need any toppings if it's cheaper. 

Thanks ahead of time.  Raaaaawr.  I'm fluent in velociraptor, and that was "thank you".  Or "you smell of feet", those two phrases are pretty tricky.  

Also, my bank account, for your viewing pleasure. Mock the poor boy.  

http://oi43.tinypic.com/ny68zk.jpg

EDIT: So it kinda sounds like I want a bunch of pizza.  Just one.  We don't eat much, so it should last until tomorrow.  
[REQUEST] SO's best friend flew him out of town for a lovely weekend vacation. Don't feel like cooking for one.
I'm stuck at home and broke.  Just thought I would give this a shot.
[Request] Not dying, starving, or about to lose my job/house/wife and children/neighbor's cat. Just want pizza.
True, I'm broke at the moment (and therefore unable to buy it myself), but I'm not starving. I just want some pizza. And does anybody really need a reason to *really* want pizza? :)
[Request] In between work and low on funds.
My work laid me off and my funds are quite tight at the moment. I've been eating a spartan diet and would really appreciate a pie; it would make my week. I'm in Canada so I'm not sure if my location will muck up the works, but it can be done then I sure would appreciate it. Thanks in advance.

Edit: I'd like to cancel my request. 

I have a pal IRL that has spotted me some funds for a pie and even bought be some groceries. I'm touched by their kindness and look forward to paying it forward. 

I hope anyone that felt inclined to buy me a pie would invest their kindness somewhere else on this subreddit or IRL!
[Request] Usa California 
Super Hungry but I don't have enough for both me and my sister would appreciate a pizza
Any type would be appriciated im not picky whatsoever thanks
[REQUEST]  hours at work cut by half, struggling to make rent and no one is hiring within walking distance.  a pizza would make my day, I am out of ramen

[Request] Boyfriend had a really tough week, didn't get job he desperately needed, got a cold, and his only sibling is moving out of state. Will pay it forward!
I wanna do something special for him to cheer him up, but have no money to my name. The best way to cheer him up has always been a quiet night in with movies, board games, and some delivery. I'm unemployed and going to school full-time, so all my money has gone to bills. We also only have some quinoa, eggs, and celery for today's food. I can't drive, and he's so sick he doesn't wanna leave the house to pick more food up. I'd like to let him stay in for the day while still having yummy food to cheer him up!

I will absolutely pay it forward (or request whatever you like from me!) as soon as it's a financial possibility for me!

Also, not sure if it's important (never requested before, sorry if I messed this up) but Dominos is the only chain that will deliver to us.

Thanks! :)
[REQUEST] Shoreline, WA It's my real life cake day, broke and alone. A pizza would make this day much easier to get through.
Happy Birthday to Me
[Request] Met friend in another state after 4 years of not seeing each other, broke from travel, want to surprise her with pizza.
It's ten here, but we're going to be up for some time and even if we don't finish it off tonight, we'll *definitely* eat it for breakfast because we're champions like that. 

So yeah, keeping it short but can anyone help us out? It would make this weekend perfect. 
[Request] Tucson AZ Miracle Pizza needed for selfless dogsitter
I'm stuck dogsitting at the last minute tonite with no (human) food, and I can't walk this dog to the store (he's trying to eat everyone he sees) and I can't leave him here, because I have "no pets" on my lease, and he will start HOWLING every time I leave...help!! I'm so hungry, this is insane!!!
[Request] on behalf of a friend and his family.
This isn't for me but a friend and his family. He's a disabled war vet that worked with me until his injuries made it impossible to function. His wife works as a barista and they have a preschooler. They're flat broke while the VA gets their thumbs out and gets him some medical help, and they need food. I'm going to bring them some groceries but tonight they're going hungry. Any help is appreciated. 
Edit: We're in middle TN, if it helps.
[Request] Macomb, Illinois - Broke, out of food till next week payday
Down to $.16 in a bank account and I have zero food in the house until payday eary next week. Haven't eaten all day and just got off a 11-hour shift. I'd really appreciate some pizza. This is a wonderful subreddit and I will be paying it forward as soon as my paycheck drops. Thank you kindly!
[Request] Birthday Pizza?!
Today's my 28th birthday. And it's 10/11/12. Much to celebrate, in my opinion. I'm hungry and need something to help me celebrate. :)
[Request] Florida USA, Would like a pizza for my friend and I.
So tonight my friend and I are watching some movies to celebrate his last year of college and we are broke right now. I don't get paid till next week, new job. Its my first time... so I don't know how this works xD
[Request] Lonely, hungry, college student
I currently have no groceries and no money in my checking, and the credit card is maxed.

I have been working as much as my boss allows while still going to classes and barely affording my rent. I am just looking to feed myself until Monday when my boss gives me my check. 

Once I finish this semester and start my internship in the summer, I am sure I can pay this forward!


[Request] Staving and broke until paycheck clears bank tomorrow. Will gladly return favor when money hits account.
So, I deposited my paycheck after my bank's cutoff on Friday and my balance is negative until the check clears on Monday. If someone could shoot me a pizza, I would be happy to shoot a pizza back tomorrow. Consider it a pizza loan? Anyway, I haven't ate since Friday evening and I am absolutely starving. 
Request Littleton, Co
Hi, I am requesting some help. I will not starve or anything, but I am getting by on cereal and enough bread for maybe two more sandwiches until unemployment comes through (hopefully) early in the week. I will pay it forward as soon as I get my unemployment. 
Thank you so much. Even if you do not choose me thank you just for caring.
-Jack
[Request] Bombed a test today and just droppes a class.
So it looks my graduation is going to get pushed back another semester. I'm going to be an 11 semester student (5 and a half years). Just got to keep trucking it. 

P.s. My baby-girl would love some too but she's just spoiled. Here she is in a couple of hand-me-down outfits.
http://imgur.com/a/SveRN
[request] Me and a a long time friend that I haven't seen in a while, both of us are kind of broke. Help us out with food tonight?
I live in Lexington KY. You one of you could donate a pizza, that would be great and I'd appreciate it greatly!
Request...I'm hungry and broke till Tuesday, can anyone feed a brown Canadian!?
Read: hungry :/
[Request] Florida Am I allowed to ask for a Pizolo? &lt;3
Just had a baby and had to move in with my mother after losing my job at the school that I'm not going to anymore in Daytona. Money is nonexistent as I haven't found a job yet(Waiting for training at Best Buy) but I just thought I'd put out a request on here for a Pizza Hut Pizolo. Thanks a ton and hope you all are having a good day :) 
[Request] Just a guy who is sick of PB&amp;J and out of money until thursday
Dont really have a sob story... just moved into a new place, the start up fees for all my utilities and internet left me broke until my next paycheck. Hoping i could find a pizza to tide me over, planning to pay it forward when i get my paycheck this week. 

also, i'll draw anything you want. poorly.

im in scranton, PA
[Request] Watching Grandparent's house, no food, no money. Please Help!
I'm watching my grandparent's house for the next few days and I have absolutely NO money and there isn't any food in the house. I've eaten all the cereal and applesauce in the house and would really appreciate it if someone could help me out with a RAOP. I will gladly trade pictures of my cat and/or my nephew for your karma pleasure. 

**Chaska/Chanhassen/Eden Prairie-Minnesota**

**EDIT** Once my grandparents pay me I promise to pay it forward/back.
[Request] Just plain broke in Seattle, WA
Not much to say, boyfriend and I are rather broke at the moment, and can't get a hold of any local friends to help us. A pizza will at least tide us over for the night until we can get to the food bank tomorrow.
[Request] Pizza for a Poem!
Hi reddit. I'm a theatre major in Columbus and I'm wondering if someone could buy me a pizza. I've been working on a lot of projects and wrapping up the last week of summer classes and a greasy pizza is just the thing to kick start my night of work. To aid in my plea, I propose a trade! Here is a poem I have written for you, redditors of /r/Random_Acts_of_Pizza! Enjoy!

-ODE TO PIZZA-

Oh sauce, saucey sauce,

Tasting you makes me feel boss,

Spread you thick, long and wide,

Dick jokes are poem cyanide,

So let's talk pizza, with all that cheese,

Bread, butter. *Greeeaaaaassseeeeeeee*

On the rack, on the tray,

Pizza on pizza? So **deliciously** gay.

Mushrooms, peppers, onions and chives,

Get the fuck out, MEAT SAVES LIVES!

That was a pretty bad rhyme so I'll make it up to ya,

By ending this poem with an evil doll **"HOO-HA!"**

Zombies ate my neighbors y'aaaaalllll
[REQUEST] I'm currently sick &amp; depressed and only have .30 cents and starving :( 
This week has been the worst week of my life. I'm currently failing a class so I have a shitload of work, I feel constantly depressed, I don't even want to get out of bed and I only have 30 cents in my back account and I have strep throat :( this week isn't for me, I would love some pizza
[Request] Gamer here, would really love some pizza.
Not a dire situation, really, but there are certain times when a pie would hit the spot. This is one of those times. Thanks.
[Request] It's been a pretty bad month and year
sorry if the title seems quite melodramatic. In all honesty it has been pretty bad for me. Was dating the girl of my dreams, and I made a decision that was pretty big and had quite a large impact on my life for the better. She was in full support of this decision throughout the relationship until one day she came home and told me she needed to call it off and she couldn't handle it anymore. Less than 2 weeks later she is dating someone else, and its now been less than 2 months, and she is getting married to him. This breaks my damn heart. All my money has been getting dumped into her before all this, and since I am on disability I didn't have a whole lot to begin with. She kind of ruined me financially and emotionally. I actually just spent the last of my money on my car insurance the other day. On top of all of this everyone in my social circle have all just stopped talking to me for reasons they wont explain. I have literally been sitting in my room alone for days on end.  I REALLY hope this doesn't come off as too much of a sappy story, but in all honesty, I don't really care if I actually get a pizza out of this story or not. I just wanted to be able to tell my story and hoped that someone cared enough to listen.
[Request] It's just been a rough week
My partner and main support system is out of the country for three months. Work has been especially frustrating and I'm waiting to hear if I got into the school I want to go to. Rent and bills have emptied my accounts and while I do have food at home, (rice and beans) I'm just feeling too overwhelmed to cook. 

I'm located in Portland, OR. 
[REQUEST]Just started a new job and I don't get paid till the 7th of July. Help?
I live in Texas and I'm really hungry. I would appreciate any help I can get. 
[Request, TX] Help please?
I made a post before about my situation with my ex. Well, I had to use my entire check just to keep a roof over my head and the lights on. I work for walmart. Next paycheck is May 23. I ate my last pack of Ramen last night before work. Anything would be greatly appreciated and I'd owe you immensely.

Reddit, care to help a 22 year old down on his luck? (more like out of luck, or at least good luck) Thank you for  reading even if you can't send anything. It's the thought that counts. 

**REQUEST HAS BEEN ANSWERED BY THE GUY BELOW. FUCKIN SAINT RIGHT THERE!**
[REQUEST] Affected by the Bastrop Fire and general bad luck 
It's been a rough couple of days. Didn't get my paycheck before labor day like I was supposed to, won't get it until sometime tomorrow if I'm lucky. They also cut my hours in half at an already part time job. Found out that my childhood home in Bastrop burnt down, here's my [Facebook Post](http://imgur.com/OMho5) about it. 
I'm hungry, I'm out of cigs, and generally stressed out about everything. Just would like a pizza to help make it til tomorrow. 

{request}waiting for my dog to get out of surgery....
spent every dime i had for my dog to get surgery to get an abscess in his throat removed and check for cancer...he is 14, just thought about this subreddit and figured a pizza might help me feel better....
[REQUEST] Broke and sick. pizza would be awesome
No money at the moment, hungry, and laid out in bed.  Pizza would brighten my day.
[REQUEST]Broke and hungry for a pizza
fridge is looking pretty fucking shabby, will prove. I was fucked by a previous employer out of $3,000, now broke as shit with little food until at least Monday when i have a phone interview for food stamps but i've been denied before because of my past drug related crimes and how California laws are. You can rape and murder someone in California, get out of prison, and get food stamps, but you're fucked if you sell someone weed once. I know that won't get me much pity but I could really care less about that, i just want pizza and i heard this was the place for that......
[Request] Poor student in Vancouver
Hey. I'm an acting student in North Vancouver. I've been waiting for my student loans to come in all semester, but alas, they still have not. I've had to borrow money from friends and my girlfriend to make it by so far, but I'm feeling really shitty about having to do it all the time. I've basically run out of food again, and I'm loathing having to ask borrow more money right now. If someone is willing to hook a student up with a pizza, when my loans come in I would love to pay it back and gift someone else a pizza. In the meantime, I could provide a monologue of your choosing!
[Request] Hungry Hungry College Student
So last night I lost my debit card, but I had to cancel it because what ever money I have is on that checking account.So with no money or access to money, until my bank opens, I couldn't even take the bus this morning. Luckily I had my bike so I could ride to my over-the-weekend tutoring job at my college...it took 2 hours. So yeah, I've been here on campus for a few hours now and I still have 4 more hours to go. I'm starving, I keep eating the free lollipops we hand out to students and drinking water to settle my stomach. If anyone out there would would help me I promise to return the favor. I work at Bellevue College, WA
[REQUEST] San Francisco-broke and need a little SF love
went broke 2 days ago (Rent, school loans). I  dont get paid until another week if anyone out there in SF can help with a nice pepperoni pie you would be praised with my thoughts for ever!, never really done this before kinda feel a bit shameful for asking, will gladly return the favor. idk if it matters im in north beach area. Thanks for those who read this.
[Request]Santa Clarita, CA- Home alone and hungry
My parents are gone for the night and I don't want to cook. Can someone please hook me up? A gift card would be preferable!
[REQUEST] OREGON - My brother is a new father and I, a new uncle.
It used to be that my brother and I would hang out together every Sunday, though since my niece was born, we haven't had that ability as frequently.  He is going to be here around 12pm PST (it is 9:15am currently) and I would like to have something for us to eat while he's here, though I am flat broke.  I even offer up the obligatory picture of [me with my niece](http://i.imgur.com/kvM0ISL.png) (taken just hours after she was born).  A pizza would very much be appreciated.


[Request] Less that $20 dollars in my bank account, no food at home or work. {East Orlando, FL}
I'm kind of curious to see if someone does respond. I have less that $20 in my bank account, and I'm stuck at work until Midnight. Anything would be greatly appreciated. Thank you!
[Request] Having trouble making ends meet while under-employed, could really use a snack.
So, I made a throwaway account for this, I hope that's not against RAOP reddiquette. A ton of my friends are on reddit, and none of them know about my financial issues, and I'd like to keep it that way.

I don't have it as bad as some, but I'm freaking starving and this check went totally to other bills. I spearfish to supplement store bought food, but there has been a red tide in San Diego for the past week or so with horrible visibility so I haven't caught anything. Lobster season opens soon though!

So long story short, if you are looking to send out a pizza, I would sure be thankful!


[REQUEST] Hai! I'm 13 and just joined reddit...
And I heard all about this great subreddit...I thought "Hey!!! I like pizza too!!!"...Gimme a shout if you're willing to be generous. Thank You. Oh and btw I'm upstate NY.
[Request] Teenager home with sick dad requests pizza in bay area, CA; will repay with sonnet
Pizza-grantors of Reddit: my dad has made himself sick again by working all night long (typical) and my mom (the usual bringer of comfort food in times of trial) is away. I could make some half-assed trader joe's frozen stir fry, but he really loves a good, greasy pizza - which, coincidentally, we can only enjoy in the absence of the matriarch. Repayment will be in the form of one Spenserian Sonnet on the topic of your choice - Spenserian Sonnets being much more complicated and interesting than the boring Shakespeare variety. I am damn good at sonnets, by the way, in case you were wondering. Bonus love for breadsticks. 
[Request] Help me keep meat on these hips! (Las Vegas, NV)
It's been hell these last two weeks, and prepping for finals has been kicking my ass. Due to the stress, I've been losing so much weight, I feel like I'm see through! I'm honestly willing to take anything you might want to throw at me, I just really want to wind down and take advantage of my last weekend before finals are slammed right into my face...which would rather be stuffed with pizza. 
[Request][New Hampshire, USA] Broke, and really tired of ramen and white rice. I can hit you back in a few weeks.
Hi, Reddit. So I'm broke as hell until my first work paycheck comes in and my fridge is pretty bare. I was randoming through subreddits and came across RAOP once again. Are you guys really this awesome?
[REQUEST] In California heat with broken air conditioner.
Hello redditors, I am very hot and in need of a pizza.
I have been living off yogurts for the past two days, I need real food.

If I heat up the oven it just makes the house hotter.

I will give any kind of proof, just ask.
[Request] Burlington Vermont. Out of food and money until Friday :/
Unfortunately I don't get paid until Friday, but I have under a dollar in my bank account, no cash, and an empty fridge. I'm off to work until 7PM ET, but I just thought I'd throw this out there. Thanks for your time RAOP &lt;3 
[REQUEST] Tired of feeling useless
My sister and her husband and son are visiting my family.  We've tried to provide a nice stay for them.  We bought what food we could and cooked good meals as much as we could.  They've insisted on taking us out a few times and spent more money than I'm comfortable with.  Now he's decided that we should have pizza tonight, and their kid and our two kids are all excited, and that's great.  I just would really like to be able to pay for one thing this entire trip that they're here.  I've been unemployed for almost six months.  My wife is a bartender, and she's at work now, and we're hoping she makes at least $100 to cover the checks that are out for rent and bills.  I don't have any extra money to spend on pizza, but I'm tired of feeling worthless while they take care of everything.  There are six of us, and I'd like to be able to pick up a couple of pies and at least feel human again.  It's funny how being on here and asking strangers for help somehow seems less demeaning than taking help from family.  I don't know.  Just figured I'd ask.  Thanks for listening.  Feels good to get it out at least.  
[Request] Florence, KY - Starting new job this week, no money until first payday
The title pretty much says it all. I start working at my new job this upcoming week and am completely broke until then. My power has been cut off so I can't even cook things on a stovetop.

The neighbors in the apartment next to me have been kind enough to let me run an extension cable from one of their wall outlets near the door to a power strip in the living room so I can set up my computer (was putting in applications), lamp, and charge my phone.

Shit's rough and I'd just like a pizza or two I can live off of for a couple days or half week.
[request] Broke in cash, rich in gold!
Will give reddit gold for pizza! broke and hungry. Please help it's all I have to offer!
[Request] All my money stuck in paypal account, no place accept paypal... (MO)
No pitiful sob story here; I have a paypal account with enough money in it to buy pizza, however, Domino's doesn't accept paypal in the US and I don't have any other money. I'll gladly repay the cost of the pizza once it arrives at my door. PM me for order and address and whatever else you need.

Thanks in advance, RAoP!
Request : sick in bed with the flu ( spokane washington)
I'm sick in bed with the flu .. my boys have taken such great care of me I'd love to treat them to some pizza
[Request] No Money Till Monday
Currently very little food in the house things went bad this month for my family, both parents don't get paid till Monday, and currently i'm in college living with them. Would be great if anyone would be willing to make mine and my family's weekend with some yummy pizza.
[Request] [Kansas City, MO] First night off and first night single in a long while could use some pizza to celebrate.
Tonight I ended a nearly year long relationship with my leech of an ex-girlfriend. Tonight is also the first real day off I've had in a long while. I would really like some pizza to celebrate but I find my wallet a little too empty. Is anyone willing to help a guy out and celebrate?
[Request] Just moved to my first house, first day off in weeks and my roommate and I are supper-less.
Just moved to my first house and while I'm far from poor, the first swarm of deposits/bills has wiped me out and today is my first day off in two weeks since starting my job.  (X-ray Technologist at a 450+  bed Acute Care/Trauma hospital)  

We are tired of soup and my roommate's stomach is quite a bit louder than my own. 
http://i.imgur.com/Uwh0tXQ.jpg
[Request] been taking care of my fiancee who had a tubal ligation because of health problems, and -
Our two dogs and I've been cleaning our house to keep it nice for her. I've had no time to myself and we ran out of food yesterday. Would seriously love a pizza tonight 
[Request] Kalamazoo, MI. College student that spent all my money on Christmas gifts.
I got a little over ambitious with my Christmas gift spending this year for my family and girlfriend and now I'm out of money until I get my paycheck tomorrow at my internship. I'm at work now and I would have to be here for 10 more hours without food unless I get help. I was hoping someone could help me out since I work right next to a Pizza Hut and could run over there to grab some lunch and dinner. Thanks for any help!
[Request] Failed my first Test in my Computer Sciences class need to drown my sorrows in cheese and sauce.
got a 54/100 on my first Test, im feeling down.
[Request] Los Angeles, CA could use some pizza tonight.
Just ran out of groceries and could use a pizza
[Request] Teen Redditor with a single mom and 3 younger siblings. Haven't eaten a proper meal in days. Some pizza would be nice.
My mother is a nurse, and has been working the night shift at work for the past few days, and hasn't gotten paid yet. Child support hasn't come in either. All us kids have been eating the past couple of days are crackers and dry cereal, and lightly with them. Not trying to sound like a sob story, but some pizza would really lighten our spirits. Thanks!
[Request] Awhile ago I sent out a pizza, someone want to return the favor? :)
I am a firm believer in what goes around comes around. Fallen on hard times could use some food in my belly :) Gave a pizza out a couple weeks ago. God bless all.
[request]Canterbury, United Kingdom - I am a student currently eagerly working on my dissertation projects, behind with schedule, having to go to work at 6pm, stressed with empty fridge and no time to go out and get food. Please help anyone? Just this one time... we have Domino's here.
I am really trying to finish my first project till the end of this week, I am now really stressed out as I fell behind with my previous plan and am currently running out of ideas about what to write, have to work everyday at 6pm which significantly cuts my time to fully dedicate the entire day to my university projects, staying at work till 1am. 

I am financially dried out and get paid on the 25th which is next week. I would appreciate pepperoni pizza if anyone would be willing to help. There is Domino's pizza here in Canterbury, UK. 

Cliche maybe, I know... but I am telling the truth... (the good old: who would lie on the internet, right? :) )

Thanks!!!


[REQUEST] Not going to be paid this month :(
So I just found out that I won't be paid at all this month because of some bookkeeper issues. I work in a small neighborhood cooperative and don't make that much to begin with, but this kinda puts me in a dangerous spot with summer electric bills and increasing rent. I know they can't turn off electricity in the summer, so I might go without paying for a few months. A friend turned me on to this subreddit, so I thought I would see if anyone could help out a redditor in New Orleans. I promise to pay it forward as soon as I can :)
[Request] Broke in Texas, empty fridge, will do stupid stunts
Umm, pizza god? Hi, its me, chemo. My little brother and I have no money for food, and our fridge is completely empty save for some frozen corn. Were trying to save that for the weekend. I will try to do any stunt you can think of for pizza. Jump off my roof? I'll do it. Ask a stranger for a ride around the block? I'll do it. Smoke peppercorns? You bet your sweet bippy. I will post a video of the stunt, and post it here. We live in north Texas, in the dfw area. Thanks for listening!
[Request] North York, Canadia! - Hungry University student who just started working and waiting on first pay check :].
As the title says. Finished last of my exams not to long ago and finally found work.  I don't get my first pay until Friday and could use a pizza to make the hunger go away :]. 

Sorry for the throw away account. I can provide you with my actual account (Reditor for nearly two years, second time using this subreddit). My friends / siblings often stalk me on reddit and I don't want them to know im in a shitty financial situation for the time being and offering their help. 

Silly logic I know, won't ask family but will ask strangers on the internet for food :P.  My pride... its a very strange form of pride.

[request] DFW, Texas.  one hour between my spouse and i's shifts - would like to have dinner together.
First time posting here.  My husband and I work a very tough schedule so that we can keep our kids out of daycare (cant afford it anyhow.).  We do not even own a car, so we often get about 30 minutes TOPS to see each other between shifts.  It'd be nice to fill th e void with a pizza.  I do have an account with PapaJohns, and they are the closest to me.  Here we have a "local deal" (Cowboys Special) where for $14 and change (with delivery charge) I can get a large pizza and a 2 liter for us.  
[Request] Houston, TX I'm in a ldr with my boyfriend and I'd like to surprise him with a pizza 
My boyfriend introduced me to reddit a while back. I'm from Finland and I have only 0,27 cents in my bank but I'd like to surprise him with a pizza since he's been having a rough week, and also has no money to get anything to eat. I wonder if anyone here would be able to help, I'd appreciate it a lot.
[REQUEST] Pizza for hungry teenager in south-western Ontario?
My parents are really uptight about me spending my money on food, and I'm getting hungry.
[Request] Washington, DC looking for a post-exam pizza
I'm a Georgetown student, and I have an orgo exam tonight. I'd sure love a pizza to help dry my tears when I'm done with it.
[Request] Davis, CA Had foot surgery recently and I can't stand long enough to make myself a meal. Please help?
I planned to cook myself a nice chicken dinner but I can't bear standing up long enough to cook. Would anyone care to help me out here? It would be greatly appreciated.
[REQUEST] Hard day at work today, hard day tomorrow. Pizza would be pretty cool.
I'm in Canada, I had a hard day at work today and I have one coming up tomorrow (PM me and Ill give you details) I have the basics of life but I have no extra money until Thursday. Problem is, I really want a pizza. If anyone is willing to help out I'll pay it forward on payday.
[Request] Just out of hand surgery, with no food, and an empty stomach - L.A. / Hollywood Area
Just spent nearly the last of my money repairing nerve and tendon damage at Cedars on my hand. Had a great friend drop me off at home, but have and empty fridge, and can't really travel anywhere due to drugs still affecting me.

Randomly remembered this subreddit in a post surgery haze, and thought I'd plead to the reddit Gods. 

Will answer any, and all questions if there is any doubt. 

Sorry if this is the wrong format for this subreddit as well. I'm doing my best here! 

Thanks everyone. 
[Request] been eating potatoes for 12 days... could use a pizza.
So ya i posted in that offer thread but too late i guess. More details there..id link but im shit at phone redditing...tldr is unemployed veteran student waiting for va to unfuck themselves and pay me..just had enough for rent but crackhead roommate spent electric bill money on crack so they shut power off yesterday. Been eating potatoes for almost 2 weeks. Would kill a puppy for an mre let alone a hot pizza. If anyone wants to help ill pay it forward when im able.
[REQUEST] CA--Woke up from a nap craving Pizza Hut
Just woke up from a nap and am really craving a pepperoni pizza from Pizza Hut. Anyone feel like blessing my belly with cheesy goodness? 


**Edit:** I'm in Salinas, Ca (and spelling). 
[Request] Pizza in WI USA
Hi all.  

LOL....I've been staring at this page for quite a while trying to get up the nerve to ask for a pizza.  I wrote it once, went to get the verification code as it stated I should and came back to find I have to start from scratch!

Yes, newcomer, stands out bright and clear, I'm sure, lol.

O.K.  

I had only recently been back to work.  Hours and paychecks have been small but workable.  However, I have had to say "no" so many times to family that I would like to offer a "yes" for a change.

If anyone can help, I would be able to pay it forward in a week, or repay giver.  Whichever works here.

Thank you.  :)

[REQUEST]
I have a friend who was laid of has no food or resources. I myself have been recently laid off and have no money to send a pizza or anything else.  She is in Omaha, NE., I am in Denver, CO.  Anyone able to help, it would be greatly appreciated!!
[REQUEST] Pizza me today, I'll double it to others on payday. Snohomish, WA
A combination of switching jobs and subsequent pay period lag, medical, and other unexpected bills have left finances tight until Tuesday. Pizza for the wife &amp; 2 kids would be an awesome stress relief pick-me-up. If someone would be so kind as to pizza us today, I'll pay it forward x2 when my check clears to two other requests in need of some hot cheesy goodness!
[Request]Edwardsville, IL, college student hungry and exhausted after finals. Need some hot pizza action.
So after 3 weeks of living off of ramen like some walking stereotype, I am in desperate need of solid food. My buddies were supposed to celebrate the end of the semester with me tonight but instead have abandoned me for their "girlfriends."(Pfft) I'm just stuck here on a Thursday with my penis and a laptop. Please help me get a little pizza love to keep me warm tonight.
[Request] Me and my gf suprisingly got off on the same day. Denham Springs, LA and would love a tasty pizza.
So turns out my gf has bronchitis and when she went in to work her boss made her leave in fear of "infecting the other employees." So now we're just hangin out at home, about to get down on some halo 4.

The only thing that could make this day more perfect, aside from her getting miraculously better, would be a nice tasty surprise from someone nice.

Will provide pics of us enjoying said pie, and if we can get a good shot of it, us beatin face.

Cheers!
[Request] Home (Iowa, USA) with my 3 year old watching movies, and a pizza would absolutely make our day!
I'm not the best cook in the world and my husband works a 12 hour day, so we would really appreciate it!
[Request] Just need a pizza to feed me and my brother tonight.
We've been living together for a couple months since moving out due to conflict with our family and we haven't had much variety except for changing up ramen flavors. We would just love to enjoy some pizza for our Saturday dinner. We would be very appreciative of such a gesture. Thanks for looking.
[Request] Hungry and need something to last a few days besides ramen.
Times have been tough lately, I'll spare the details, but there is a few other posts I have made in r/assistance and r/loans recently.

Long story short, I'm getting pretty sick of eating ramen and will continue to do so for about 2 more weeks, because, well, that's all I have.  I will gladly pay-it-forward in about a month or so.

Thanks for reading.
{REQUEST} Can someone send me a pizza or two? South Carolina.
Title pretty much sums it up, I would like a pizza or two. Would prefer Pizza Hut but Dominos is fine too.
[Request] Girlfriend broke up with me.
So, I've had a lot going on in my life right now, my girlfriend just broke up with me, and my whole families been going through a awful divorce, and I just keep being put in the middle of it.  By no means would a pizza solve all my problems, but, as silly as it seems, it would be nice to get something from someone for a change.
[Request] Chicago- Spent my last $20 on food for the dog, don't get paid for another 13 days.
Every other paycheck goes almost entirely to rent for my studio apartment in the city. The leftover cash went straight to bag of food for the pup- the light of my world.
I could sure use a pizza though.. Not even a box of noodles in the pantry. I would sure appreciate it :) and I can return the favor on the 15th or later!
[Request] The past couple of weeks have been excruciatingly rough, but a pie would change my mood around completely.
Long story short, Ramen diet for the past 2 weeks, roommates mad that rent hasn't been paid, not sure if I can even make it to work tomorrow, no cash until later in the week. My life is a fart. Thanks for reading.
[request]FL broke  can't cuddles with pizza tonight
broke college student going through a rough time a cuddle with pizza would be nice.
[request] not for me but for a Facebook friend
A person i went to school with posted this to facebook...I would normally help but I am pretty broke right now myself...but I still have food...if anyone wants to order them a pie I would gladly pay it forward when I'm not as broke


http://imgur.com/KZVYsc5.jpg

[Request] Hungry Wisconsinite could go for some pizza.
Get paid tomorrow and no pizza in the house. You can see my problem here :(
[Request] Unemployment phone interview today. Officially out of food/money until Friday. Austin, TX
June 29th I was fired from my job for "not being a good fit for the company." (Almost verbatim what I was told. This was after working there nearly a year, and being moved halfway across the country to another office for them, but I digress.)


My unemployment interview isn't until today (within the next two hours) and I can't send in my first form until the 17th. (Willing to provide a picture of the form I got with that info on it as necessary.)


My mother gets paid friday and said she'll be able to help out then (she's back in California, where I was moved from) but until them I'm hungry and all out of food. I've already tapped all my friends and they've been more than generous, so I don't think I can really turn to them.

I did the verification thing on the right, so PM me if you want the code or want me to post it or whatever. **I will pay this forward as soon as I have a job again. Mark my words.** 

Please and thanks, all the best.

**EDIT: Received, courtesy of NYGalz. Reddit rules**
[Request] Denton TX, I'm trying to cheer up my girlfriend but I'm broke atm and can't afford her favorite pizza
Would greatly appreciate it, sucks seeing her so bummed out.
[Request] I've been living off of grilled cheese sandwiches for the last week, and I just ran out of cheese.  :\
I have one dollar in my bank account, and things have been pretty rough financially.  Honestly, it's really hard for me to ask a random stranger to buy me a pizza, but my stomach sounds like a civil war right now and I'm starving.
[Request] Bought a pizza for someone last week.. hope someone returns the favour
Hi everyone,

I pizza'd someone last week(unfortunately they never posted a thanks, but i can post some screenshots of our conversation) &amp; its a non pay week, hoping someone will send me a pizza tonight for dinner. 


[Request] Would like to treat our family to pizza tonight. It's been a while!
edit: (San Diego Area)
 I posted today telling a bit of our little eclectic family and the situation here. Thought I would try to treat everyone to pizza to cheer them up a bit if anyone's willing. Have a great night in any case!
[request] Philadelphia USA need help to get my three brothers and I to payday.
Need some help to get to payday. Almost completely out of food. mac and cheese, rice, and bread is what is left. I live with my three brothers and my father. My father will get paid Friday and and we are eating at a family's house tomorrow. My brothers have full paid week lunch cards for school.

I have gotten a pizza before like 6 months ago and it really helped us out. Just need a little help to get us to payday. Thanks
[Request] urbana-Champaign, Illinois. At University of Illinois. Lost my wallet last night. Super hungry. Will Pizza someone tomorrow when I get home. 
Thanks in advance!
(Request) Need some pizza in a house that has nothing of worth to eat! Help a brotha out? (Central Florida) 

[Request, Georgia] Stormy night, starving, and just wanna make it until tomorrow
It's been a long week, haven't had money, somehow made my food last the week. But I've run out until tomorrow. Anybody wanna spot me a pizza, and I can pay it back some time after tonight?
[request] PA, USA Studying hard on a Friday night
Hey guys. So it's Friday night and I'm doing work/preparing for finals next week. It's a long night of work ahead of me...(weekend as well). I'm running low on funds (the heat bill this winter was been ridiculous) and a girl would love a nice old cheese pizza to feed me for the next day or so. There's a rumbly in my tumbly; it would make all this coding more bearable! 

Apparently the odds are slim but I would truly appreciate if someone would help me out. If not, peace, love...and enjoy your weekend!
[Request] - Amherst, MA - Poor college student, lost my wallet today (Licence, debit card, two credit cards, $70 cash, etc...), work was miserable tonight, no food at my apartment, and no cash to buy food... starved :(
I'm feeling pretty melancholy. Will be driving 40 minutes on the last gasoline that I have to the RMV to get a new driver's license tomorrow. Luckily, my brother lives nearby, so he's going to lend me the money I need to get a new license. Any size pizza of any type from any nearby place would go a very long way for me (tomorrow would be fantastic, but so would any time this week!) I haven't been able to go food shopping yet this week as I don't get paid until Friday so I have almost nothing to eat here.

Much love guys and thank you for reading.
[Request] Graduated almost five months ago and still can't find a job. Would really like a pizza to cheer me up.
In Wilmington, North Carolina. Like I said still haven't been able to find a job and last night I ate the last of my peanut butter, pretty much the only thing I have to eat until the end of the week. Help please!?
[REQUEST] Ont., Canada - Spent all night singing "Wonderwall" and other song covers on Omegle, would love a pizza
Yep, spent my entire Thursday night singing song covers for the nice people of Omegle. Just in the mood for a delicious pizza right about now.
[Request] No food , and dad doesn't get paid til next week, pizza would be appreciated for my sister and i
Pepperoni, and cheese is all we need no fancy toppings we are just hungry 
[Request] My roommates are the best, but I'm broke.
I've been unemployed for a while now, and while I've been job-searching, my roommates have been awesome. They've yet to charge me rent, and have given me food, beer, and most importantly, support. 
I really love these guys and I'd like to do something nice for them. I usually keep the house pretty clean, doing dishes, taking out the trash, and anything else my broke ass can do to show appreciation.

I know it's a long shot, but I thought I'd try RAoP. It would be really awesome if they could come home from work to a couple of pizzas. I don't know if it's in bad taste to ask for more than one, but we're three guys and one would just not be enough.

Thanks,

Robotbeard
[Request] would really enjoy a pizza
Would really enjoy some pizza just not in the budget. Thank you
[Request] USA: Hungry and broke.
Missed some work last week, put me behind on bills and stuff. The flu sucked but I'm better now, just broke.. I can haz pizza please?
[Request] My two kids and I are sick. I can't afford one myself and we would love a pizza instead of me trying to cook! Wisconsin
We all woke up this morning feeling absolutely horrible. The two kids especially the youngest just want to cuddle with me all day. My a/c is having trouble keeping the house cool below 80 and it would make it worse for me to use the oven to cook since they're running fevers. I'm having financial trouble at the time but I hope one day I can repay someone with a pizza too! Thanks!
[REQUEST]Southern CA, Black Friday left me a bit... drained.
So I was a bit, over zealous with my black Friday purchases. 

I'll be planning to forward a pizza later on once I recover from my purchasing of a new computer &gt;.&lt;
[REQUEST] This is my third request and if no one sends pizza I'm going do something I don't want to do.
I'm going to have to send someone else pizza without having first received any. And that's not cool.
[Request] Two poor hungry Torontarian students would love a pizza. 
I have never used RAOP before, but a redditor friend of mine told me about it and to try it out sometime when food is low.
[REQUEST] No more food stamps for my family and we really want some pizza!
My mother just found out that because of my minimum wage job that I work on the weekends we will no longer be receiving food stamps. Although they gave us $300 a month for food I am only making a little over $100 for my own personal teenage expenses. (Clothes, school things, going out, savings, etc.) We are all really craving some Dominoes and it'd be awesome if someone wanted to help out! (:
[Request] Canton, OH, USA (EST) College student, moved home June 1 after losing my apartment, currently unemployed, depressed, down on my luck to say the least
I would be grateful times infinity for the generosity! ;)
I am 25 and back with my parents after a year on campus (off-campus apartment) at KSU (kent state university) in Ohio. I moved home June 1, tapped out financially, lost my apartment. While living in Kent, OH I experienced a break-up of epic proportion... my partner moved out mid-way through the Spring semester and I have not been the same ever since. To be completely honest I have no idea what direction I am headed next as far as continuing my education, making a career choice, and by some miracle digging my way out of this financial grave I have dug myself into. (car is up for repo, cell phone is shut off)... yes, it's that bad. Now i'm here, back at home, not a clue what my future will hold as of right now. (I thought my 20's were supposed to be the 'best' years... lol) They were good, however, up until the point I lost my way. To make matters worse... my parents are struggling to make ends meet. My younger brother also lives here (23) and corrals shopping carts at the local Wal-Mart part-time with an associates degree in IT. My mother is laid off from the Heinz manufacturing facility she works at for the next 2 weeks so money is even tighter. It would be nice to suddenly have pizza and surprise everyone here ;)... where it is ordered from doesn't bother me, I have never been picky. 

Thought I would try this out and ask. It would sure brighten my day and the other 3 members of the household as well. 
(Can send photos on receipt! :D and of course a [Thanks] post).
[Request] Jacksonville Fla, Student with no cash.
I have been at school for 2 weeks with a personal check from my dad, and no bank account. I cannot cash this check and have no usable money at present. I bummed a 1.50 so I could enjoy a soda today, living on cafeteria food, water, and lemonade.
[request] Illinois
bought some drinks for my me and my friends last night and now im broke and hungry
[Request] Central valley Cali horrible RL cake day.
My boyfriend's hours got cut So we can't afford to do anything for my birthday
[REQUEST] It's not the Pizza I deserve But it's the pizza I need right now!
I'll spare you the sob story, but some pizza would really make my day.
Please and thank you!
edit. First time posting. My location is Grand Junction CO USA. 
[REQUEST] Dallas, Texas. I would like some pizza please. My household has run out of pennies between the cushions. I have done a few of Reddit's exchanges and think it's a lot of fun, so you can count on me for keeping the RAoP chain going!
I have been away from my husband for what seems like years even though its been like 4 months. We live in different countries so getting all the paperwork in order had taken a toll on our wallets. Luckily my sister and grandmother let me move into their apartment that they just got here in Dallas, Texas. My sister was working in a emergency pet hospital that shut down two month ago. She's at a new job now, but for the last month we have been struggling with finances to keep all three of us a float and especially keeping our pets fed before us!
Us three would just be super grateful to have something besides dry pancakes this week, until the first of us sees a paycheck.
[REQUEST] Help two college students in need. . .
So here's the breakdown, my friend and I attend this university in OH, we've been long time lurkers of RAoP and have talked about doing it once we have some money. As it stands now I have about $2.66 in my account and my roommate has $0.00 due to Jimmy Johns screwing him over with a pending transaction that he cancelled but it still displays as pending. As we do attend a small university there are only two places that deliver here, Donatos and Golden Crust (A local place). If someone does fulfill this request I can guarantee both of us will repay RAoP in the near future (We get our Fin Aid refund checks on Tuesday).

If anyone wants any more info just shoot me a message!

Thanks,

Lakerz4life
[Request] Wallet lost in the mail for over a week now. Ate my last package of ramen this morning.
I'm a student out at Texas Tech and unfortunately I now have no way to pay for pizza or any other type of food. Please PM me for more details.
[Request] Sick and Craving a Pizza
Location: Chicago

I'm a bit under the weather, and after having worked an 8 hour shift starting at 4:30am yesterday, my sleep schedule is a tad fucked. So I'm wide awake at one in the morning. 

And I would adore a delivery of any hot food right about now. There's only so much canned split pea soup that one person can consume.

Love and luck to all my fellow service industry workers on St. Paddy's day weekend!
[Request] UK, revising over easter break. Would love a pizza!
No real sob story, just a lot of revision to do! First post here, can always return and offer when my next loan comes through!
[Request] Baltimore, MD - Card is frozen until paycheck goes in on Monday
The year has started great so far. I've moved in to a new apartment , freelance business is picking up, and my part time job is giving me more hours!

Unfortunately I'm without food until my paycheck goes in next week.  Anyone interested in helping out?

I'm willing to pay it forward once I have the means.
[REQUEST] In the form of a RAOP haiku. I'm in Colorado, if geography matters to you.
    Pizza: round and hot.
    Craving cheese and meat? A lot!
    Send one? It's a thought...

EDIT: It all appeared on one line, so I fixed it.
[REQUEST] UK Will Draw For Pizza :)
I'm skint have had to spend all my money on bills and really fancy pizza but cannot afford it. Instead of just plain out begging I thought i'd offer my drawing skills not saying they're any good though. Or i'll attempt to fullfill any other random things that I could possibly do?
[REQUEST] Large $10 for Johnstown, PA
Hey bros, just wanna buy a $10 pizza and a 24 oz. of something to drink. They serve dinner here at the college pretty early, and the late night pangs just come in hard. Think you could send me about $15 my way?
[REQUEST] My brothers are back from college need to show them that I have learned something. In NJ.
So I told my brothers that you can get free pizza through the internet. They dont believe me. On top of this, they said that if I come up with this free pizza they will hook me up with one of their friends. I REALLY need this. 
[Request] UK, broke student with an empty stomach, major pizza craving
Hey guys, just stumbled upon this subreddit and was amazed that this even existed, i never knew other people had the same addiction as me! anyway if anyone wishes to do this i will be very grateful and i can go to bed knowing that there are some awesome people out there! and i will repay to the next poor soul who gets the shakes from pizza withdrawal as we all know its a serious condition.
[Request] koreatown/Los Angeles broke and could use an Easter meal.
Just moved to koreatown for a new job and am broke till next Friday and could use a hand getting an Easter meal. Thanks in advance to anyone who helps.
(REQUEST)Hungry couple in PA*
hello thank you for taking time to read my post, my name is stephanie and i live with my fiance and our 2 dogs. We do have our own place but are back on rent 5mths and about to be evicted. we both lost our jobs because we only had one car and the tires were really bad so cpl mths ago when it was raining an we wrecked totaling the car. its just been a really hard cpl of mths and with no food or money a pizza would be great. and we would also share a piece with our dogs who to us are our kids. we live in Bedford PA-814-623-9913
[Request] Girlfriend had her wallet stolen, I gave her the last of my money for Metro fare to work. Our bellies rattle for pizza tonight. Greenbelt, MD.
So, yes. We both work retail to make ends meet, and normally this works out for us, but given that it's early in the year and retail money sucks, we were budgeted to just barely scrape by. Now, with this development, I had to use my last $20 for her Metro fare so she can get to work. That was gonna go towards PB sammiches. Whoops.

This all seems like a sob story more worthy of the pantry or assistance, but it's no life or death situation. Reddit-flavored pizza would brighten the week for us till we get paid on Friday, but we'll still be around otherwise.
[Request] Arizona, payday isn't until Tuesday, Will pay it forward!
My bills this month stretched me a bit thin because I had to get some stuff on my car fixed up. My next payday isn't till Tuesday, so I have been getting really "Creative" with my basic ingredients I have left (corn and chicken broth macaroni noodle soup anyone?). I would love for someone to get me a Pizza. I'm not picky. Just something with Pepperoni. I will pay it all kinds of forward on Tuesday. And until then, I will write my champion a Poem dedicated to thier awesomeness.
[Request] Really hit rock bottom, could use a bite to eat
so, i just moved to austin, texas to get out of freezing chicago. Got here a week ago with a little money to last me until I got a job. But........ I was riding my bicycle around to try to get to know the city when I crashed it.

As I lay there with a concussion and a dislocated shoulder, this asshole jammed his hand in my pockets to steal my cell phone and wallet. Then, to top it off, I watched this mother fucker ride away on my bike.

Was real shitty. Went to the hospital and got a sling. Hard to find a job with one of those. Just gave my last dollar away a couple nights ago. I'm really hitting rock bottom now. If anyone could get a pizza out to me, it would temporarily help me out. I am staying on a friends couch right now so I have an address.

I could also send a pic of the hospital report just so you know I am not bullshitting you.
[Request] from France
We're not yet at the point where we need an emergency pizza, but given the expenses coming up this September (mainly uni fees, rent and rail/métro transport cards), it might be useful to see if anyone could help us out a couple of weeks or so from now. Anybody out there willing to help out a nearly broke Redditor in France?
[Request] Broke, Hungry, and Depressed in Portland, OR
Hey guys,

I posted [this](http://redd.it/i4s6l) over at r/Assistance a couple of days ago, and things are still pretty grim. I haven't had a warm, substantial meal in about a week or so, and I have absolutely no funds to speak of. A delicious pizza would go a long way towards brightening my day, and I'd be more than happy to pay it forward when I get on my feet again. I don't have any sort of preference, but I think both Pizza Hut and Domino's deliver to my house. Thanks for reading guys, and I want to say that this subreddit consistently amazes me. Y'all are awesome.
[request] broke college student, life is throwing me a curve ball
EDIT: Thanks to the kindness of an anonymous redditor, I can wallow in my breakup pain while stuffing my face with pizza. Thank you again, good Samaritan. 



In summer classes. Life is pretty shitty at the moment. Waiting on my $100 paycheck that got delayed until next Friday. I guess I should have been smarter about saving my money, but I just got out of a long distance relationship that I pretty much threw all my money into. Almost 5 years, and she just left recently, along with all the time and money I spent on her. I just want to eat and stop living off ramen. I don't really want sympathy about the breakup, I guess all the money and time spent was justified in some way, I just want to get over this with the best comfort food I know... pizza.  
[REQUEST] Murfreesboro, TN: Only have enough cash for gas, none for food.
Basically what the title says. I had a 3 day drill this past weekend and although I ate on base for free, I still had to put in $15 a day to get there and back. Very inconvenient, and the pay for that won't hit my account for 7-11 days. So now I have enough to make it to my day job, but not enough to eat. Any help would be hugely appreciated.  
[Request] San Antonio, TX. Only have .50 cents to my name, get a check on Tues, but my girlfriend and I are very hungry. Promise to pay forward any kindness if anyone could please help us with a pizza dinner tonight. Thank you. (plus bonus cat pic inside)
[Screen grab of my account](http://imgur.com/EHRJUHS) with only .50 cents left. 

Times have been tough the last few months and my girlfriend has been such a trooper through it all. We are getting back to stability, but hit a snag this weekend. Won't have grocery money till Tuesday at the earliest. The pantry is dangerously low on supplies and we won't be able to eat much tonight other than a few old tortillas.

Her and I would greatly appreciate your kindness and a hot meal. We are the type of people to pay such kindness forward. We don't need much, a pepperoni from Dominos would be like hitting the lottery right about now.

Thanks for any consideration you may give to our situation. 

[BONUS CAT PIC AS A THANK YOU](http://imgur.com/7kf9avG) These are our two cats, Setzer and Reyes. We've also got a stray kitten that come to our back porch that we've been helping out by feeding and giving fresh water to her. We are planning on getting her shots and taking her in as one of our own as soon as we get back on our feet financially. 
[Request] Pizza for pizza? Anyone willing to pizza me tonight and I'll get you back tomorrow (or whenever you want!)
Just like the title says. Paycheck didn't come in because of bad weather and I'm hungry, pizza me tonight and you will be repaid! Scouts honor!  
[REQUEST] broke and trying "by any means necessary" to score a meal
hi, so i'm new at this, i was told by a friend that this site could help me, basically i'm a student in england, living with 3 other guys (well was suppose to be) we made the down payments all the pre-payed bills and what not then 1 guy pulls out this has made me and my friend very skint, as we're picking up his third of the payments and now i've heard my "friend" is thinking of pulling a fast one on me trying to get out of this contract as well! - so, here i am, a poor, frustrated student who has lost trust in his friends and is struggling to put food on the table, anyone going to help a brother out? 

i'm not begging, i'm new at this, reading some of the stuff on this page has given me some hope that their are more humans with hearts on this planet then i think.
[request and promise of future offer] I spent every cent of my grocery money to buy my deployed husband the best Christmas gift ever...and someone stole it. 
My husband got deployed last month and I decided to use all my food money on the best possible gift for him since he is sacrificing so much for me. I have been living on that crap at the back of the cupboards for the last two weeks, and am pretty much out-the only thing left is a box of macaroni and cheese, but no milk or butter to make it with

Yesterday I got a conformation email from UPS saying the package was delivered saturday...it was not. We decided to wait until today to see if the package was just at the local office, but it didn't come today either. The package is gone. I'm in an apartment complex (in California, neer the bay area) and I think the UPS guy left it at the door and someone snagged it. 

I'm not used to asking strangers for anything...but I am on the verge of a break down and haven't eaten anything filling in weeks. 

We are usually fine when it comes to money, so once our paycheck on the 15th comes I will send a pizza back to whoever sends me one today. 

TL;DR (yes, I know I'm a ranter) my husbands deployed, I'm depressed, his awesome christmas gift was stolen, and now I have no money for groceries. If you send me pizza I will return the favor when my paycheck comes. 
[REQUEST] down on my luck and hungry.
today we found out wells fargo screwed me so hard.  $1800 hard.  :/ now we both are extremely broke and havent even ate today.

so, if anyone were willing to get us a pizza we would forever love you.  we'll give a video of thanks as well! :) 
[REQUEST] Sick college student whose head hurts too much to brave the 30 degree weather in Hartford, CT
I'm basically really hungry and this would really make my night :3 

Also, the flu sucks...&gt;&lt;
[Request] Bournemouth, England. Haven't eaten in 6 days so far don't get paid till 20th. feeling very weak and dizzy. Don't know what to do.
http://www.reddit.com/r/Health/comments/11jtww/havent_eaten_in_6_days_feeling_dizzy_and_very/

Ignore the last comment, i feel like im dieing lol
[request] pizza for me and girlfriend's anniversary - Dexter
It is me and my girlfriend's anniversary today, later tonight actually, and I kinda want to do something nice for her like a pizza dinner. Problem is, I am unemployed at the moment, so I can't really afford much besides rent. I've been tryin like crazy to get one or two of those avoid the noid cards, but no luck and today is the last day.  Could anyone help me out? Either with a pizza or a gift card? Or just well wishes. 
[Request 95054] Lost my job. Former employer is holding my tips hostage.
Unemployment check went to rent and utilities which were paid in full. I'm told I don't qualify for emergency expedited food stamps and that the process will take several more weeks. Can you help a guy out?
[REQUEST] Peterborough, Ontario trying to move out of a bad apartment has drained all my money, could really use a good pizza.
My girlfriend and I are moving out of a bad apartment and it has drained us financially. The work I do is going through a dry spell so I have not gotten paid in a month, and any funds I had left in my account have been put towards transferring services and paying first and last on a new place, as well as paying existing bills.

We haven't had much of a meal in around two weeks and our fridge is empty tonight. A pizza would really help and cheer me up! Thanks a lot for your consideration, RAOP.
{REQUEST}Pregnant and CRAVING!!! 
I'm new here so please have patience while I figure this out. I'm having a pregnancy craving for pizza but flat broke till payday. (Can show pics of the cobwebs in my wallet) I'm really cheap! Dominoes only costs me like $15ish to deliver and I have $5.97 in the bank so all I need is $10 in a dominos ecard or something! Would gladly love to repay the favor on payday! I think this is a great idea! Also I'm in the southern California area. 
[REQUEST] A Pizza would be appreciated.
Hello,

My name is John. I recently saw a news article from a friend about this site and thought that it was a really nice idea. I live in Chadbourn, NC and this Thursday it will be my 5 year-old's birthday and as much as I hate to tell him due to some unexpected situations I will be unable to give him anything for his birthday until next week on Friday. I was kind of hoping that a pizza would cheer him up at least. I'm not real sure how this works but I would be willing if helped, to return the favor next week when I get paid. 

Thank you so much, anything would be appreciated!
[REQUEST] Two students from Edinburgh, Scotland would really appreciate some help
Hi everyone,
I'm mainly a lurker which explains my sparse comment history but have long been aware of this subreddit and think it's a great idea! Our situation is that we are two full-time students scraping by, we've not been able to find jobs so far this summer and are living on very little. It's been a difficult couple of months and some pizza would be a much appreciated treat and give us a bit of a boost. It goes without saying that we would be very grateful and will return the favour next month when our finances are in a healthier state.

Thanks so much to anyone who responds!
[Request] I will write and record you a personalized song!
I am a moneyless musician in the Southeastern Michigan area. I'm in college and I just had to pay a LOT of bills. I now have but a few cents to my name! 

I will write and record you a song for some RAOP loving. If multiple people offer, I will do my best to write and record songs for each of them (hell, leftovers can feed me for days).

Bring on the requests!
[Request] Miami FL
I do not have a sad story that I'd wish to share, as I feel that life is full of ups and downs. Because this is one of (if not) the busiest time of the year for retail, I've been working 9 and 10 hour days for about two weeks. I go to school at night and get just enough sleep to wash and repeat. I'm working on obtaining my degree in Business, and I hope that I'll be able to open my own shop someday. I have alot of big ideas I'd like to see play out in the long term business wise, but for now I feel pretty exhausted XD. No real need here, I make enough to get by but after a day of cyber Monday customers I don't have it in me to cook dinner. A ham and pineapple pizza would make my night. I hope someone can help me out, but if not thank you and hope you got in some of the cyber Monday deals.
[Request] Massachusetts USA Would love to break it down with stomach acid and pizza today.
I don't need a pizza, but in keeping with the name of the subreddit a random act of pizza would really hit the spot. Thanks!
[Request] What can I do for YOU today?
I am getting incredibly tired of rice-gruel for every meal (and a bit low on rice). Payday is a ways away. How can I beg/barter/steal my way into your hearts for a little slice of paradise?
[REQUEST] In between Jobs
Hey, 

I'm new to this so I really don't know if I'm doing this right. I live in Atlanta, GA 30305. I just moved out on my own for the first time in July and during the 3rd week of July I lost my job. I have rent coming up next week and my first check from my new job is expected then. But I'm hungry now. I don't have enough food to last me til then. I'm just trying to learn how to survive on my own. So if anyone can help I will appreciate you til the end of time!!! When it comes to pizza i'm not picky especially not at this point.
[Request] Texas, Looking to tide the hunger for family until pay day a few days away.
Waiting for payday a few days away and due to bills being a bit higher then expected having to live off pb and j until pay day. Would love to share a pizza or two with family to have something else on our taste buds til then. Would be more then happy to return the favor after payday, and as much as I hate asking for help would love to lift our spirits up a bit! Thanks in advance!
[Request] Cleveland Ohio. Occupy Cleveland can now occupy 24/7! Pizza party?
It's been decided in federal court that Occupy Cleveland has a right to assemble! Yay!

http://occupycleveland.com/2011/10/26/occupycleveland-wins-injunction-in-federal-court-against-city-will-begin-247-occupation-immediately/

I'm humbly requesting that maybe some folks could pitch in for pizza. We're at the Tom Johnson Park in Public Square, downtown Cleveland. We LOVE pizza. Well, really, we love any hot food, but pizza tops it all. :) Most of all, we love support! Thank you, reddit.

By the way, my name is Rachel. I am not currently downtown, but I can give any proof needed (aside from a phone call, because I don't have a phone) to show that I'm real. :) I'll be heading downtown sometime soon for our daily General Assembly.
[Request] San Antonio TX. Two redditors here and we just got some bad news, and a nice pizza would definitely lift the mood and suppress the hunger...
So here's the story, my friend and I share a house with another fellow and said other fellow is the leaseholder. He was very gung ho about re-signing and even asked us if we would like to continue staying so we naturally said yes, and this was about two months ago when he asked. Fast forward to today, we get the re-sign papers and then he decides he doesn't want to re-sign, well that's all fine and dandy if he doesn't want to re-sign but the lease is up on the 31st of this month, kind of messed up to decide that with 12 days remaining. So now we're in a bind and a pizza would really brighten up our night. Thanks for reading guys, and may your narwhals bacon forevermore.
[Request] In desperate need of help to make my fiance's birthday not miserable.
Hi all,

My fiance dreads his birthday. I was really excited to make it the best birthday I could. Unfortunately, the cards did not fall that way. Recently we've been going paycheck to paycheck with the little we have over going to food, and lawyers fees (custody battle). I was saving a little aside for his birthday, but unfortunately since I work on commission, it didn't come through the past two weeks. I only had money to pay bills and rent.

I was hoping anyone that had a spare moment and some cash could help me buy a pizza for him this afternoon. We can even consider it a loan. I will pay you back. 

Thanks for listening.
{request} my love meter for pizza is low. Please help. Honolulu, Hi
I'm crazy broke. Payed on Friday. Can pay back or forward. Dominoes is the cheapest in my area.
Request A Simple Pizza
Requesting a pizza for a family of four in king george va to help celebrate our two kids doing so well and getting awards from school. I need a little help because I am not able to do so on my own.  If there is anyone who can help me, I would really appreciate it. Thanks for reading. 
[Request] California, been a very long day
Been a particularly long day, been up since 4:30 AM and I am just beat. Really can't afford to spend any extra money right now, but a pizza would be really awesome. I will pay it forward on here when I am able to. Just really can't spend any money right now. In terms of places, I haven't lived in this city to long but I know there is a papa johns.
[request] For a starting college student. 
My brother need's some pizza for his First year of college. First post.

He needs Some food for the next couple of days. I'm new to this so if i make a mistake Don't yell at me

He lives in Las Vegas NV
[request] Austin TX First Christmas alone. My dog and I would love some pizza.
Just moved to Austin Tx this year and not having the greatest time. My work cut hours, its hot and doesn't feel like Christmas, my boyfriend and I keep fighting and its bumming me out. A pizza that I could give the pizza bones to my dog would make both of us very happy. 
[Request] It is my last day smoking for a while just want a pizza. [6]
Hit the random button just now and found this subreddit. I have to be tested soon so i have to give it up. I live in texas
[Request] My waitress friend's broke and has no food 'til Monday. She's too proud to ask for help.
She lives in Round Lake Beach, Illinois, which hasn't been hit super hard by the recession but certainly isn't doing well. She works as a waitress for a restaurant that just opened, and it's not doing too well. It's looking like she's gonna be unemployed soon. She's down to a day a week, and unfortunately I'm not in a position to help her out with food. A random pizza will help her eat something other than the stale remains of a box of wheat thins til her boyfriend gets back home to her on Monday.

[REQUEST] California USA, Broke college student craving some delicious pizza
The title pretty much says it all;

I'm working on my last semester in uni, been surviving off rice, coffee, and free food samples on campus for the last month.  Wouldn't mind a delicious pie to satiate my taste buds.  
Thanks for reading :)
[Request] Ontario, Canada - Pizza for me and my two sisters?
Hey. Ive read the whole side bar and [this website](http://www.randomactsofpizza.com/index.html). As a Redditor for well over 3 years, Ive known about this community for a long time but this is the first time Ive ever posted here. Before I continue, I just want everyone to know that this isnt my usual reddit account, its a throwaway, as my friends know my other account and I wouldnt want them to see this post. But I would have no problem verifying my usual reddit account with any potential pizza givers. I also have a verification number from the RAOP website.

Anyway, I just woke up. Its 4 am in Ontario, and I dont think many pizza places are open until around 11 am. Me and my two siblings dont really have much here to eat. Im 22 by the way. My siblings are 18 and 17.

And I have about 14 dollars cash, I was just going to buy a some pasta, hamburger, some cans of soup, and a couple boxes of kraft dinner for the weekend. But it'd be nice to have a pizza to eat around lunch today.

Im not sure if I should be posting this now, or later when its a more appropriate time.

Anyway thanks again.
[Request] New job...in January 
(Southfield, MI)
After a 3 months of joblessness I have finally found a steady position at IdeoMed. The company makes iOS apps that remind kids to take their asthma medication on time and alerts doctors when an asthma attack is recorded.

Sadly I am still broke until January rolls through:
[http://i.imgur.com/hxjxG.png](http://i.imgur.com/hxjxG.png)

A pizza would be awesome and I would love to return the favor on my first paycheck.

I'd be happy to help anyone on /r/csshelp too :)
My portfolio website lists everything I know: [http://ericwright.me](http://ericwright.me)

Thank you!
[REQUEST] Pizza for my mother and I
Long story short, my mom and I are currently unemployed (ive been unemployed for 2 months now) and have no food in our house. We just spent the last of our money to pay our electricity bill (after they shut it off) and get dog food. We currently have no gas at our house so its been nothing but cold showers and microwaveable ramen cups for the last month, so a nice warm pizza would sure improve our day. I promise to not only pay the back the person who treats us, but would also repay the favor to another person needing a pizza in the future (after i can get employed) thanks

i forgot to add, we are in naperville (chicago area), IL

thank you sunbear0326 for the pizza! its a great change of pace! &lt;3
[Request] Sick of rice, noodles, and beans!
Hey RAOP'rs!  I lost my job about a month ago, and luckily I found a new one right away.  However, it was a $1/hour paycut AND I only get half the hours I used to get.  I had to use my entire first paycheck to pay utilities, phone bill, and the money I owed on my (store) credit card (good credit &gt; fun things).  

I (luckily) have a pantry full of pasta (I decided that $10/10 boxes of pasta was a good idea a few months ago and that's a lot of pasta) and a few cans of beans and half of a 5lb bag of rice, as well as sauces and syrups for those guys.  I also have a lot of baking things.  I'm definitely not short on food, but it's getting a bit monotonous eating only this, especially since I have to do it 'till next Thursday.

I only have $16 until next Friday's paycheck and I'd like to spice up my life with a treat this weekend!  I live in Minneapolis and I'm in the delivery area of Pizza Hut, Papa John's, Domino's, and a local favorite (though much more expensive), Pizza Luce.  If anyone's willing to order me a medium cheese or pepperoni pizza for carryout or delivery (I can pay tip with the $2 I found on my way home yesterday if it's delivery, or I can bus/bike to pick up from any of those locations!) I would love you forever!  I don't owe rent next month (because I had to pay the last month of rent when I signed my lease) so I will be passing it on as soon as I get my paycheck!

Thanks so much!
[Request] would just like a actual meal
I've been broke and jobless, and waiting to hear back from a few places. Ive been trying my best to eat what I have around the house. Eating cereal everyday has been getting very tiresome and I was going to invite some friends over and would love to be able to offer them something besides a box of corn flakes. Thank you to anyone out there who is willing to give a pizza to a person in need. 
[request] Cork, Ireland. Starting chemo on monday and have no money. 
Just been diagnosed with cancer for the second time at age 20. This is my last weekend of freedom before I have to go into hospital and lose all my hair and shit myself inside out for a week so I'd really appreciate a pizza. Before sending pizza I can provide proof (Even if you look over my profile from Oct 2011 to feb 2012 when I first got chemo) It's very easy to get pizza delivered online in Ireland btw. Thank you
[REQUEST] Easton, PA
Out of cash, out of food. No fun. Remembered my buddy mentioning this RAoP thing, figured I'd give it a shot.
[Request] Any finnish redditors around? Asking for a 
pizza...
So, i'm a student with no summer job and currently no money either. I'm returning to school tomorrow (free food!) but at the moment I got nothing to eat. I can offer verification or whatever info you need.

I suppose omething like pizza-online would work? Thanks in advance!
[Request] Honestly, I just want some pizza
Simple as that. Just chilling. Pizza would be cool.
[Request] Broke and staying with a friend. Would like to pay him back with some pizza. St. Cloud, MN
I recently went through some problems, and a friend of mine here has taken me in. He is just as broke and works his ass off to take care of both of us. I'm looking for work, but It would be nice to give him something in return. He was just saying to me how much he would love a pizza.

If you can help, it would be very appreciated. I'll send a pic with the pizza and my friend. :)

(I have a verification code also.)
[Request] Gf and I are hungry, mom left yesterday morning and there is absolutely nothing here.
We had to eat some nasty church donuts yesterday but they werent giving any out today.

PM me for details

Edit: maybe i should have mentioned before that my electricity is off and that im not just asking because i happen to be hungry. If you want proof that we dont have food i can upload pictures. And i can even show you the extension cord running from our neighbors house over here.
[Request] Hungry in Austin, had shitty NYE.
So last night at my NYE party, some people my friends brought knocked over my soup I had made to last all week while trying to cram more beer into the fridge, it sucked. It was some kickass recipe I found on r/dollarfriendlymeals.

http://www.dollarfriendlymeals.com/post/13700973183/turkey-dumpling-soup

So that blew, also they didn't even eat most of what I had left out for munching. People suck sometimes. If you feel like hooking up Mr. Wexler with some Za, I would appreciate it, Brah.

Get it? Za Brah.

I apologize for that last part.
[REQUEST] Care to sponsor a reddit based event with Pizza?
Howdy all, long time pizza provider here. Some folks at [/r/starcraft](/r/starcraft) put together a king of the hill tournament and stream it every night in different player skill levels.

It gives newer and experienced players a place to have fun and their own 15 minutes of fame. They don't give out prizes really, but winners get a reddit icon. Some users send a T-shirt to people who win more than X games in a row.

Would RAOP be interested in providing a pizza to the winner of a raffle? I want to give everyone who watches and plays a ticket into the raffle and pick a winner for ROAP to offer pizza.

Viewers who tweet @Something will be given one entry. Players who lose are given 2 entries, and winners would be given 3 entries per win.

I'm sorry if I violated any rules of this subreddit. I'm not trying to create some scam, and I don't run the event - it's organically composed - but this is technically still a (statistically) random act of pizza.

**EDIT** DERP they have a  website too http://rcraftgaming.com
[REQUEST] UK. Just really hungry, and need cheering up.
We're a bit poor at the moment! Two younger brothers and I would LOVE a Pizza. Mum is working late pretty much all the time and we're still not seeing any money from it yet.

We'd just love something tasty to cheer us up so we don't have to eat frozen leftovers!

Thanks to anyone who even read this!
[Request] Single 20 year old who lives alone and pays his own bills. I would love a pizza. Hampton Roads VA
I'm 20 and live on my own. I'm not poor or necessarily starving or anything but I cant just order a delicious pizza for just myself. Costs too much. Well, hopefully the pizza gods will smile down on me today, thanks guys.
(REQUEST)Homeless Single Mother
I need help I am a single mother on the verge of eviction with 2 children and we haven't eaten today. A pizza would really help. I dont know how this works but PM me if you need more information.
[REQUEST] hungry and embarrassed. 
I saw a link to this subreddit on the front page, WTF; is my reaction after reading what its about..  
I couldn't believe it.

I haven't entirely looked through other requests as I'm pretty sure I'm not the only hungry person in the world, but tbh after I read the sidebar I immediately grabbed my camera and made a "REQUEST" because I'm hungry.

The embarrassing part is asking for food on the internet- forget that,  
 images of refrigerator that is dieing on me [\[1\]](http://i.imgur.com/IIIYS.jpg) - [\[2\]](http://i.imgur.com/5tNMf.jpg) - [\[3\]](http://i.imgur.com/4Ap54.jpg)

[1] Food going bad, fridge practically empty  
[2] Ice-cream I bought gone bad, this is after I knew my refrigerator started trolling  
[3] I'm not starving I have lots of bread, but as you can see I can't stand it, at least for today.  

I give my praise to anyone that fulfills my request.   
When I get the money I'm seriously giving back a redditor a free pizza.   
Located in GA

**update:** being able to get free pizza from a fellow redditor I don't even know is unreal  
I feel terribly bad, I just found out about this sub-reddit and within 3 hours a redditor gives me a pizza  
I feel as if I'm cutting in line, however I'm grateful and I thank you.   
Don't forget someone will get a pizza from me.

**update 2:** I've done myself a good [deed](http://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/comments/jcpic/offer_10_dominos_gift_card_me_giving_back/), but I can tell you this isn't the end. 
[Request] Huntington, WV - Yet another college student craving some pizza
Hello! As the title says, I'm just a college student, no sob story unless you count being perpetually broke. I had an evening class tonight that doesn't let out until after all the dining halls close, so I'm not starving, just craving some cheesy goodness. 

I've never requested pizza before so I feel a little weird about it, but I thought it couldn't hurt. Eventually I'd like to be on the other side of things giving the pizza, maybe during the summer when I tend to have a little more available funds. 

I also feel weird about being such an anonymous face behind a computer screen so here are a few facts about me! 

* I'm studying criminal justice and psychology and hoping to go to law school if I ever get out of undergrad.

* I really like Doctor Who, Walking Dead, Breaking Bad, etc. (you know, all the good shows :] )

* I love to read. My current book is Stephen King's Night Shift.

* I'm absolutely terrible at talking about myself so the facts end here.

If anyone is gracious enough to grant me a pizza, they have my sincere thanks in advance. Maybe I could doodle you a pokemon or something.
[Request] My friend of about ten years just died. I'm just not in the mood for another night of canned soup. (CANADA)
A good friend of mine from middle school passed away and I'm feeling awful. Normally I try to suck it up when it comes to how my scrimping and saving is affecting my groceries but fuck it, tonight I'm just not having it. Not tonight, probably not tomorrow night either. 

I just want to gorge myself on pizza. I know these posts are usually ignored but it at least helped to vent a bit. Still, I wish I could have one more hilarious, snarky and thoughtful conversation with my friend over pizza.
[Request]Pizza for a 48-hour Crunchyroll guest pass?
I really want pizza, but the only offer I have is a 48 hour all access pass to Crunchyroll. I have 3 that are unused. 

Plus, OSU (OHio State) is playing today and Pizza would be the prefect compliment to watching them beat Florida.
[request] It's thunderstorming, my power went out and I have no gas in my car or money to go get food. Please help pretty please? Willing to barter.
I can give you drawings, upvote your stuff, write you a poem, idk, whatever. I have precious little laptop energy left before it dies. 
[REQUEST] New parents would like a "date night"
My husband and I each work 2 jobs so we do not have to live off of the state.  We have an infant (born April 21st) and we are happy parents, but money is tighter than ever. We haven't been able to afford to go on a "date" since before the baby was born.  Will someone help us have a nice date night in?
We are in the New London, CT area
[Request] Couple who haven't ate solid food in 30 days
Me and my girl are doing a Juice Fast. You can see my daily entries and workouts at www.juiceoverjunk.com. We have only had Juice and Water for the last 24 days, We started June 1st and will be ending June 30th. We will then be having Vegetables and fruit for the next 15 days to break the fast properly, working our way to solid foods. We have enough money for Pizza, but I was wondering if anyone wanted to treat us and be the person to give us our first Pizza / order out since the fast. That would be sometime around mid July. Sorry if I am doing this wrong. I just been lurking in this subreddit for some time, and thinking pizza this whole month. It would really be cool to participate.

We are in Middle River, Maryland btw.

Thanks in advance all.
[Request] Montreal- I could really use a pizza right now...
I was laid off 2 months ago and due to bureaucratic bullshit I still haven't received any employment insurance. Damn, maybe I wont get any! Today I realized that after my rent is paid, I only have 9 bucks left... 

I don't really worry about food because I have a lot of rice and beans. But I'm getting really tired of rice and beans, rice pudding, fried rice, bean stew and etc. I crave for a pizza! But, I don't like asking for help. So if i get a pizza, I promise it's going to be a "today you, tomorrow me" thing. As soon as I get a new job or my EI, I will give back a pizza to someone on this sub!

Thanks in advance!
[Request] Broke, unemployed (but actively searching). I am really hungry.
Pittsburgh guy here, got a Papa John's near me. 

Usually my parents would spot me some cash, but they've been withholding since they think I'm not trying to get a job. pls halp
[Request] Not a sob story more an happy one (UK)
Hey guys today I worked for the first time in over a year and will do again tomorrow (Unfortunately this is only a one off Job and I may not get another for a while). However it feels great to have worked again and I'll be earning some cash in hand money tomorrow :D. Anyways I would love a pizza and would reciprocate as soon as possible (But seeing as I don't have a job and the money for this will go towards paying rent to my family -Recent college (high school) leaver it probably won't be for quite a while) cheers!
TL;DR Worked first day in over a year one off thing would love an happy time pizza.
[REQUEST]-Michigan, USA
I was kicked out of my house a week ago and my girlfriend broke up with me a few nights ago. I'm sitting in my friend's house with not much to do and would love to go on a walk to pick up a pizza for us to eat tonight.
[Request]  Dumped by fiancee, girlfriend of two and a half yearscould use some love
I fell in love with a girl, a seemingly amazing girl, who I was ready to grow old withfor better or worse and everything in between. I'd been hurt before, but I gave her more and more of my trust and grew to love her enough to commit myself to her for life. I had taken her across the country to make sure she could meet all of my family, especially my grandparents while they're still alive. Everything was going great until... well.... She broke up with me rather suddenly. The reasons she gives make it seem like she's hiding something from me. We never had any real problems. The fact is, I hardly feel like getting out of bed in the morning. I still go to work to pay my bills, but I don't really have any friends in my town anymore, and my family lives far away. My roommate is pretty much all I have left around here. Everything around here reminds me of times that I spent with my beloved, but it's all been shattered.

I feel completely devastated. She was my life. I'd love to feel a little bit of the love that you good folks are spreading around if you could share it. I'll get a verification code as necessary. Thank you kindly, fellow Redditors.
[REQUEST] Having a Halo 2 System-Link party later!
Well, the title pretty much explains it. At around 8pm Pacific time my neighbor and I are having a Halo 2 System-Link party until around 2am. Currently my neighbor only has chips to snack on for the party so it would be pretty wicked if someone helped us out by sending some random pizza!
[Request] Hungry College kids. :(
There's 5 of us and all we can afford is Ramen. :(
[request] Please send the Occupy Boston and Occupy Wallstreet protesters a pizza!  It is cold and cloudy in NY, and it is cold and raining in MA!
Tons of people wish they could come and support this effort but can't because of work or location, but it's incredibly easy to google a pizza place that will deliver to the protesters!

For Boston...
Send the pizza(s) to Dewey Square (Boston financial district, right outside South Station).  The logistics team or general donations can be dropped off along the John Fitzgerald prkway by the trees.
[Request]Two broke college kids want pizza. Will fill two requests on Friday!
Like title says, any pizza :D
[Request] (MI) Would like a pizza enjoy during the Wings-Blackhawks game 1 tonight.
Any fellow hockey fans out there?
[request] hungry family of 3
I live at home with my mom and sister and my mom just got out of the hospital with diabetes related gang green on her leg and we have no food in the house and no money until the first of next month.  We live near Warsaw IN and it would be very helpful if we could get a pizza.
[Request] Hoping to feed me and my girlfriend in NC, heard of you all from a frient...
Job hunting, but finally ran out of money last week.  First time asking for a handout....feels weird.....reddit was the first place i felt comfortable asking.....living in Asheville, nc.  Just cheese would be more than appreciated by me and my girlfriend, nothing fancy, just hungry......  :(:
[Request] Lynnwood, WA! Been gifting games on Steam cuz of Steam Sale, getting hungry.
Hey Redditors

Been sitting here, enjoying the Steam Sale, helping some redditors get some games. Gave away about $70 worth of games in the past 24 hours. I would love to get a pizza. 
[Request] I should be the one fulfilling this request. But I can't :(
My friends birthday is today and I'd love to treat him to a nice pizza but I just don't have the funds.  If anyone can help it would be greatly appreciated! 
[REQUEST] Poor college kid @unpaid internship on the hill...
If any of you have interned on the hill or in DC you understand how expensive everything is here...  you'll understand my plea. I've been limiting myself to one meal under $10 a day for the past month and just stumbled on this sub. I'm a long time reddit user and hate asking for help, but shit am I hungry.  My stomach is screaming at me just thinking about pizza right now. 
[Request]  Unemployed and hungry
Wyoming, USA. I would love a pie right now, I'm starving.  When I get back on my feet I'll be more than happy to give back.  But for now, all I can do is ask.
[REQUEST] Braintree MA, USA. Take a pill form of chemotherapy need food to take it and completely broke and out of food until thursday
I take a pill form of Chemotherapy for my Leukemia (cml) and I have absolutely no food that is gonna sit in my stomach and be enough besides an expired mini bag of pretzels. I would really appreciate a pizza. From anywhere. I know places close soon so this is really my last option for food tonight. 
[Request] Window was smashed over night and would really appreciate some pizza
So I figure you may like some background information.  I parked my car in my apartment complexes parking lot over night and when I woke up the next morning to head to work I saw that my windshield had looked like it was hit with a baseball bat.

[A picture of my windshield](http://i.imgur.com/TjMr1ml.jpg)

So anyway, I call a local glass shop to get my window fixed and they say they can do it the next day while I'm at work.  The next day happens and I am getting ready to leave work and my windshield is still broken.  Because they couldn't keep to their schedule, I decided to cancel with them and call a separate place.  They come and fix it the next day and were super professional about the entire thing.  However, when they replaced the windshield they took my parking permit for my apartment complex with the old windshield.  So now I have been having to find street parking every day until my apartment complex's office is open so I can try to get a new one from them.  I am just lucky I saw that my sticker was gone before my car got towed. 

Anyway, tldr; My car windshield got hit with what looks like a baseball bat and would appreciate some pizza!
[Request] Just completed my first week at my new job after not being able to work due to severe depression &amp; anxiety!
and I couldn't be happier! I'm so thankful to be employed. It's at a distribution center and I was always the type of girl to work in an office. Not any more, I love it! My dad (who literally has 2 dollars in his pocket) and I are here alone while my mom is away and would love a pizza to share. I will happily pay it forward once I start getting my first paychecks! Thank you!
(Request) Broke and sick of beans and rice
My job Changed payroll systems so I got a shorted check this week. in two weeks I'll be back on track but now I just want a pizza.
can anybody  help me out?
(request) USA, to feed one adult and one teenager, we are willing to barter anything! any picture, taken or drawn, to suit your desire! our nearest chain is Pizza Hut
Hello,

What would you like in exchange for a Pizza Hut gift code? 

We'll take pictures of whatever you can think of, draw, sing, make fools of ourselves in whatever way makes you happy. We are super hungry! We have seven bucks but no gas, so we could walk to Pizza Hut and spend seven bucks on something, but I know it won't feed both of us. You wouldn't guess it by looking at us but we could eat a pizza a piece if some generous member ofr royalty had that kind of money to patronize us with. 

This is barter town, and we are 100% willing to work! 

Please take a chance and send us a PM, you won't regret it!

sorry this sounds so much like an advertisement, we are super hungry and the thought of pizza hut is making us a liiitle bit crazy
[REQUEST] The wife and I are tired of hot dogs and fried egg sandwiches. Would really love a pizza pie.
Now I can't say we haven't eaten recently, but  our dinners have not been the best, this week has been filled with oatmeal,  corndogs, hot dogs and bowls of rice. We could really use some flavor this weekend.
[Request] Feeling down lately.
This week has been hell.  I've been depressed lately.  I've barely enough to pay rent this month.  School's just becoming a bit much right now.  We're almost out of groceries here at the apt, too.  I've not eaten much in the last two days.  It's driving me nuts...

I would be so grateful if someone could help out.     
[REQUEST] Haven't eaten in a while, starting to feel a little woozy.
I'm a little embarrassed posting this, but I'm desperate.  Some unexpected bills came up and it's left me flat broke until Friday.  I haven't eaten since Saturday morning and it's literally starting to hurt.  If anyone can please, please help me out I would be eternally grateful.  
[REQUEST] for Tampa Florida
Hi! So I found out about this pretty cool idea while surfing the web. There were a lot of stories about needy college students so I thought someone out there could help me. It's my second week of classes and the food here is just horrible. My roommate and I have been trying to get some decent food but cash is so tight with books/fees. Scholarship money doesn't come in for at least another week. HELP US PLEASE!

We found a coupon to get a large pizza and cheesesticks for $10 from pizza hut. We have promised each other to do this for someone else once our checks get in. Thanks for considering us!
[Request] TN ~ want to celebrate son finishing Kindergarten with a pie!
I have given a couple times on here, and it's kind of hard for me to ask now. :) I would love to celebrate my son finishing school with a pizza "party" with his little bro and I. If it doesn't come through, it's all good :)
[Request] Canada, BC. Looking for a change of luck.
I just found this community and am quite a fan of "paying it forward" surprise kind of things. So I figured I'd give it a try seeing I'm in a rather downtrodden mood as of late considering there has been nothing but bad luck for this girl lately. I wont get into a huge story about it of course. But crappy times usually promote me to seek comfort in some way.

Thanks for reading. And keep me in mind for a giver to anyone near my area.

Good Karma to you all. ^-^
[Request] Virginia, USA Having a terrible day, need a pick me up 
I'm trying to quit smoking so I thought I would try ecigs with a low cartridge. But so far I'm hating it and it's been a real mashed potatos kind of month, so if anyone wants to be nice and get me a pizza, that'd really cheer me up right now.
[REQUEST] Arizona. SO has been beating an addiction and I would love to celebrate with/surprise him.
Due to some other expenses we are unfortunately a bit tight on funds!  My partner has recently dealt with some issues with alcoholism.  Not severe to the point where he needed rehab, but severe enough to where he's started strictly moderating his alcohol intake, and has recently joined a support group.


I'd love to reward his hard work with some pizza to celebrate.  He has found an amazing support group for others in his situation, which has been really helpful and encouraging.


We live very close to a Dominoes, Pizza Hut, and Papa Murphys.  I was hoping to score a $15 gift card, it would be enough to get a medium pizza with the works at any of these locations.  Papa murphys has always been his favorite.


I have also recently returned to work after becoming injured, my first paycheck is arriving on the 16th of September.  I definitely plan on paying it forward once I get paid.  We have a decent homeless population in the area and I've been couponing to get some care packages put together (bagged lunch, tooth brush, tooth paste, couple of wash cloths, baby wipes, reusable water bottle, notepad and pen, stuff like this) to give out.  Or I can pay it forward on here, pizza-buyers choice :)  I'll be doing the care packages either way, but I'll have an extra $X to put towards it :P
[Request] P is for Princess! A Princess, asking for Pizza on her 4th birthday.
My little girl is asking for two things for her birthday in two weeks. a Princess cake and PIZZA!!! ( she bounces when she asks for pizza!) I feel horrible not being able to take her to chucky cheese like she would really like. Myself and my two children live off less then 500 a month and that's is gross. Nothing taken out for bills and things first. Pizza or going out to eat in general is a true treasure and treat! If Anyone is able to help make one little girls 4th birthday a little more special we would be more thankful then you could ever know! I want to throw her a real party! Have friends and family over to our home for a change! To see her eyes light up would be the greatest gift ever! Thank you so much for your time!
[REQUEST] MD - Broke but I want my boyfriend to have his favorite pizza.
We just moved to MD in January and still trying to get caught up in bills, and I'm just trying to break up the cycle of rice and pasta that we've been on for the last week and a half.  I'm okay with still eating the same stuff until we get paid, but I want him to be happy and I don't have the money right now to treat him to a bacon pizza from Domino's. :\
[Request] Texas USA. Pizza always makes Monday better.
Avid pizza fan, would LOVE a pie. Thanks in advance kind people!
[request] Overland Park, KS Just moved into a new apartment. Little money. No food. 
Just moved into a new apartment, no food, little money and have been craving the deliciousness of a pizza for ages.
[Request] Had a great week in Cincinnati, OH, but now my car, phone, and laptop are all going to object-heaven.
Have pizza'd one person before, and it felt good, and I've had a good week personally, but a few choice encounters with some individuals this week has left me less than joyful about being part of the human race. Along with the fact that my current financial stability is about to plummet due to some big purchases that I'm just glad I was prepared for, a pretty pie would be the best. I have little to offer in return except for making balloon animals, but I'm awesome at making them! :D If you are in the area maybe we could even hit up a pizza shop together and I'll bring all my circus fun stuff. :)

[Request] Pregnant, unemployed, and EXTREMELY hungry!!! Please help me with a pizza! :(
I've been eating saltine crackers all day :/
Request Al I'm a broke college kid and it's my mother's birthday. Help me out so she doesn't have to cook tonight.
Long story short i'm broke and unemployed at the moment so I can't take my mom out like she deserves.
[Request] Vancouver WA guy getting back on feet
Been following RAOP for a while for the d'aww of it and upvoting people who need it.

25 y/o here, I've always been independent so this is a little weird for me.  I was laid off from my job of 4 years 3 weeks ago.  After an intense job search, I was hired into an OK paying new job a week later(dancedancedance!) and everything is going fantastic there.  Their pay schedule is harsh (paid in arrears 1 week + 2 week delay = 3 weeks no pay) and I'm not due for a pay check until Friday.  My final paycheck  from my last job went into paying rent/keeping the power on/getting a bus pass etc etc. I'm the frugal type but even with my efficient spending, over the last few weeks I've dropped a lot of weight (down to 5'10" 125lbs). So just putting this out there since I'm darn hungry. Any kindness will be returned in the form of filling a request when I'm back up and running financially.  Vancouver, Washington is right next to Portland, Oregon. ... Northwest USA.

Thank you all for reading and for being there.  Happy Holidays to everyone!
request: on pizza
Just got out of college for the summer, sleeping on a buddies couch because i wont have a bed/room untill wednesday. Neither him nor I have much money, would really appreciate.
[request] I would just like some random pizza in Dallas, TX.
You're probably going to check out my previous posts. Go ahead. :) 

[Request] SW MO - No gimmicks.  No sob story.  No real good reason at all.  Just want somebody to give me a pizza.
I've noticed that the acceptable custom in RAOP appears to be to post your desire for pizza along with a compelling story of trial and hardship which validates your worthiness to receive said gift.

I don't have such grand aspirations.  My desires are pure, transparent, and fly in the face of this custom.  I want a pizza.  I want someone else to pay for it.

In some cosmic way, doe this warrant an x-post in r/firstworldanarchists?
[Request] (Ontario, Canada) Have broken ribs, depressed and taking time off work. Would love to be pizza'd and hopefully return the favor some time.
On Friday night, there I was sitting in my pajamas, eating ice cream when I get a text from a couple friends asking me to come out for wings and a drink with them. I agree and get ready quickly. We get there, order our drinks and food, chatting and everything. We get our drinks and are waiting for our food. Now, we were sitting in a booth and I had my back to the window and I was sitting on the outside. Soooo...all the sudden a car crashes through the building in reverse, pinning me between the booth and the table. I was the only person injured. Within about 24 hours of that all happening, my already insane mother disowns me and encourages me to kill myself (unrelated to the accident) even after I had just had a near death experience. I am now taking a bit of time off work, which I can't afford to do. 


So anyway there's a fun story for you, reddit. I would just love to be pizza'd today. 
[Request] Please im begging, we havent eaten in 2 days. Starving couple and dog

I dont want to eat from the public park trash.
Please we are sitting here anticipating eating. 

 Dont worry, the dog eats the cans i bought for him. Please someone help us, im on the verge of tears. We are homeless and our ebt does not come in until next week. I landed a job interview for monday, but dont want to celebrate with starvation. Please someone care.
(Request) Born &amp; bred Miamian looking for a little help
Fellow Floridian Redditors,

I'm coming to you all with my hat in hand, looking for a bit of help.  I'm way down on my luck, hoping to catch a break for once.  I've been working construction in the hot Florida heat for the past 4 months, and have made a total of $958, before taxes.

I've been forced to move back in with my parents, something I swore I'd never do.  I'm sad, depressed, sunburned as hell, tired and praying for some generosity.

If anyone out there has it in their heart to help out a guy who has been busting his butt to make ends meat, I'd truly appreciate it.
[REQUEST] Pizza needed in SC tonight
Hi guys, Anderson/Clemson, SC area here. My roommates and I are broke and could use a pizza to eat tonight.  Three of us just got new jobs but we are stretched a little thin from moving into a new place.  Our cash flow is pretty screwed until next week.

I will provide any sort of verification that you could want.  I've been lurking reddit since the digg v4 thing but I just signed up for an account 6 months ago, although I rarely login.

Also, I have a SoftLayer dedicated server that I'd be willing to give you some space on for web hosting / FTP / data backup.
(The server is paid up for several more months so you'd get plenty of value from it!)

If somebody can come through for us, that would be awesome!
[REQUEST] Being held hostage by a pizza troll in Kalamazoo, MI
Hello, I am making this post because my friends and I are currently being held hostage by a pizza troll in Kalamazoo, MI. The pizza troll demands we provide him pizza or else we can not leave. Unfortunately we have no money, please save us from our pizza troll and next time we can save you! (We are really hungry and have no money right now, if you could help us out that would be really wonderful and we will pass the favor along when we can.)
[Request] Food to get through the weekend in Los Angeles
My wife and I really miscalculated and I didn't realize payday for me is not until the 15th which is a tuesday. We'd really appreciate something to get us through the weekend. 
[REQUEST] Girlfriend is out of town, rare opportunity to eat pizza, no money until next Friday.
More info: My girlfriend has [Celiac Disease](http://digestive.niddk.nih.gov/ddiseases/pubs/celiac/#what), so we rarely have pizza (Some places do a gluten free crust, but they are a shot in the dark as to quality). She;s out of town for a couple weeks, affording me the rare opportunity to eat all the wheat I want. Unfortunately, I'm unemployed and won't be getting any money until next Friday at the latest. Would love it if someone wanted to help me in my gluten-feast dreams!

Edit: I'm in Los Angeles - Studio City, near Burbank.
[Request]Paycheck is late. Broke. Pizza would be incredibly appreciated. (new york)
Hey, everyone. I've been having a tough time lately. My bank account is pretty low, I can screenshot it if needed. The paycheck from the job I had to leave is late showing up in the mail. I'm a lot more fortunate than some people here, but I'm stuck in this spot right now. I would be so so so thankful if someone from this amazing community could help out. Pizza is great.
[REQUEST] Homeless in Seattle. Living off beans, muscle milk, bread, and dry oatmeal. Hoping for a treat.
http://imgur.com/a/ssXbw

More information about my story/situation in my post history. Living in a car. Can't type too much-stealing wifi from outside a rowdy bar. 

Will update with happy pizza photos if donated! Will also love forever! 

No address technically, but I can give an address and wait outside. It's that worth it to me. 

Here's to pizza and awesome people! 


Edit: To top off the sob story, I have two interviews next week on Tuesday, one at the same time the food bank opens =(  

Edit2: I'll circle around the Internet area one more time tonight. Deliveries for probably 3 more hours. Tomorrow, the next day, or any day will be just as nice.


It will be about two weeks until I can buy my own deliciousnesses. 
[REQUEST] Kansas City, Missouri, USA would love a pizza, Husband lost job and want to brighten up his day because he works so hard for our little family!
I would love to brighten up my husbands' day with a pizza(his favorite food). He works so hard for us (2 kids under 2 and me, the wife) and we just learned that he lost his job today. I promise to give back as soon as my husband gets another job (Hopefully soon as the staffing agency told him they will email him about another job).
[Request] Wisconsin - Late Night Studying is better on a Full Stomach 
There's too much month at the end of my money and I've gotta pull an all nighter to catch up a bit in my classes, can somebody help me out?

Edit: Seems its already the next day, but I'll keep this request up as I have $0.97 until the first and I'm ready to puke up ramen. 
[Request] Brother coming to visit me from Boston for some nerdy botherly bonding...
Dota 2's The International 3 is this weekend (popular competitive video game).  I'm not as close to my brother as I would like.  He's 8 years younger than me.  We've had our differences in the past.  

I've invited him to come down to NYC for the geek-out tournament watching weekend.  He's old enough now and I'll also buy him drinks and expect to have a jolly good time.

If anyone would like to participate in this brotherly bond in the making, you're more than welcome to!  He arrives tomorrow afternoon.

Thanks!

[edit] brotherly, not botherly. LOL.
[Request] Could use some dinner in St. Louis!
I'm poor and could really use a pie, simple as that.
[REQUEST] No sob story just broke and hungry will pay it forward next week
i donate plasma weekly all tapped out for this week so when i donate next week ill pay it forward on here located in phoenix btw
[REQUEST] Best friend's birthday tomorrow and I've got nothing to give him. A Pizza would be extraordinary!
I've been friends with Sam for about 5 years now. We run together, we game together, I wingman for him every week, but it's his 22nd birthday tomorrow and I have absolutely nothing to give him. I'm out of dinero, got rice and oatmeal in the cupboard. Mother Hubbard up in here. I'd love some help!
[Request] Not starving, just left my food at home because I was late for work.
Yup, late for work, and it's been a long, hungry day (and of course, payday is a day away). Would be awesome to get pizza'd! Oh, and I'm an Oklahomie.
[REQUEST] [USA] Girlfriend left me a few weeks ago, spending Christmas alone one day before I leave the States to fly to Argentina. Would like some pizza  before I leave!
So yeah. My girlfriend of two years left me a couple of weeks ago and I'm pretty much alone with my 3 cats playing Super Nintendo. I'd love some pizza before I leave tomorrow morning, but I have zero money on me after all the holiday gift buying.

Thanks for reading and have a happy holiday!
[REQUEST] East Lansing Michigan, only have ramen, friend is in town, I'll write you a poem about any topic for a tasty bite

[Request] Parents are raw vegans, and I'm dying for some real food!
I live in Ohio
[Request] My first time here!
Just want to see if this place works!  Some pizza sounds great!
[request] i love pizza yes i do. i love pizza how bout you?
I love pizza but i dont have any money. I have it, just cant spend extra on pizza otherwise ill have to live on the streets. money is that tight. You can say it's tight like a virgin. If anyone can help, ill eat.
[REQUEST]
Hey Reddit

                  Mr.Plainview here forgot my damn passowrd so i had to make a new account im sorry. anyway i was wondering if somebody could help me out. im hungry all i have is a bunch of crap ive been living off of for about 2 weeks now and i feel like its time for a little change. i sadly have bills coming up in 4 days so i cant spend any money right now. but i get paid on the 2nd of september and f anyone can help me out buying this GA boy a pizza i can return the favor when i get paid. thank you reddit

                     -your old pal
                                 mr plainview
[Request] California, My truck got stolen. 
My truck got stolen this morning before work, I had started my truck and had to go back in to grab my cellphone, and when I came back out I saw the taillights of my truck going down the road. Since I had to call off work last week while my daughter had food poisoning, and since I was late today my boss fired me on the spot. And to top it all off the clarinet I had rented for her band class was in my truck, now I owe 600 dollars to the store for it, and I still have to rent her another one. Wednesday has always been pizza night for me and my daughter, I only get her on the weekdays during the summer, and school starts Monday. 
[Request] One college student...haven't eaten in two days... help?
Hey, 
I live in Moscow, ID and had a ton of bills this week that ate up all of my funds, I won't have anymore money until around the first, and I am completely out of food...little help please?
[Request] I want to do something for a pizza
just found this subreddit and i want to participate so tell me what you would like me to do for a pizza, something thats realistic though. id like to forward this pizza too when i get paid next week, or become a part of a chain of forwarded pizzas
[Request] We're bored, broke and hungry. Willing to do graphic or illustration work of your choosing for Pizza
Hey Reddit,
We're 3 brothers currently freelancing in web design/development and as for now don't have a penny to our name, in fact, quite the opposite of negative pennies.
We'll be willing to do web development, illustration or graphic work of your choosing for pizza or we can come up with something for you.
FYI we're located in the UK
Cheers

[REQUEST] Lynnwood, WA Disabled, broke untill tomorrow, and a pizza sounds really good! :)

[Request] Poor College student in Madison WI. Been living off popcorn for two days.
My job switched pay cycles and this month I got only one paycheck, which had to go to rent and bills. I literally have no money right now and I went through the last of my food yesterday (which was the last of my popcorn). I get paid Friday, so I plan to pay it forward. Thanks!
[REQUEST] Got my wisdom teeth out a week ago...
I have been in pain this whole week. I couldn't eat anything but like yogurt. I havn't gotten good sleep because my painkillers only last for 6 hours at a time. But today, I am finally able to eat substantial foods and i have been craving a pizza for a very long time. but sadly, i'm broke :[ 

I just discovered this subreddit and am going out on a limb. I feel bad since i see a lot of people that might be in a worse situation than me, but all i know, is that i will come back to RAOP because this place is awesome. I will return the favor. i hope my request is met cuz im dying of pain and craving over here. 

THANKS in advanced

[3]
[REQUEST] Never done this kind of thing before, Oregon
It's my birthday and I'm unemployed, out of cash, pretty hungry. One of my online friends sent me a link to this reddit page and said I should give it a try. I'm not expecting anything, but I'd be grateful if someone would help.
[Request] Only have $.50 in my bank account till the first of the month
My roommate and I got a surprise from Comcast this month in that we got a service charge we were not aware of.  So the $30 I thought I would have extra this month is now gone. I'm in Fresno, CA
[Request] Was supposed to get paid Friday, boss is MIA and I need a 'za payday loan. Yukon, Canada
My boss was supposed to pay me on Friday, asked if I could wait until Saturday. Haven't seen him all weekend, and this has seriously demonified my situation. Could use a 'za for the night. Will pay it forward next week!

Despite the remote location, we have Domino's, Pizza Hut and Boston Pizza. Order take out - I'm nearby all of them and I can save you delivery.

Thanks!
[Request] We hunger for sweet sweet Zza...
We have a problem. We desire Zza, yet we lack the required funds. Please help us impoverished college bums with our urgent dilemma.

Hello everybody. Pizza [REQUEST] in Washington.
I read an article about this website and can't believe you guys. I am a neuroscience student and prep cook and have been pretty down on my luck lately. I would love it if someone who isn't financially strained could help me out. I have less than twenty dollars to spend on food until the 15th if I plan on making rent. Considering moving out and camping in the woods for the rest of the summer. Fingers crossed.
[Request] Bloomington, IN - Would be extremely grateful for a pizza tonight!
Hi, 

I just moved back to Bloomington after spending the last year taking care of my mother who was suffering from brain cancer. Sadly, she passed away last month, but thankfully is no longer suffering. 

I've been back for about 3 weeks and have been having a very hard time finding work. I assume because it is a college town and during the summer many businesses are cutting staff and hours till the students come back in the fall.

I am working hard to get my life back in order after the loss of my mother and would appreciate from the bottom of my heart if someone was willing to donate a pizza for me to have tonight. My income has been extremely limited since helping to pay for funeral cost, my apartment's deposit and first month of rent, and bills, so any food is a blessing. I promise I will pay this act of kindness forward at my very first chance.

Thank you so much for reading and take care!
[Request] Broke from bills, no food besides hot sauce. Would love a pizza.
Could pizza it forward by sunday. 
[REQUEST] Old wounds opened up, would be nice to know others aren't shitty
Had a bit of a talk with a close friend of mine last night about the environment of my group of friends post-breakup a few months ago.  Someone in the group had apparently continued to obviously flirt with my ex (who I'm now cool with) in spite of others warning him about my feelings on the matter.  I don't acknowledge his presence anymore and overall I'm over the breakup, but it still hurt to be reminded of that moment.  

It would be nice to know that there aren't inconsiderate people out there.  I'm at home today, resting and trying to get my mind off of things.  Some pizza would be nice...
[Request] Can somebody please grant my pizza wish? I have a buddy coming over and I would like to share a pizza with him.

[request] Seattle, WA. Down to my last couple cans of food and thought I'd give this a shot
Hey, RAOP. I'm a college student in Seattle, Washington. I just scored a job and am expecting my first paycheck in a little over a week, but as of right now I'm down to a a couple cans of green beans and 3 potatoes, and I need a bit more to tide me over until I can get money for groceries. A friend recommended I try to drop a post here and see how it goes, so here I am. 
[Request] Broke and Hungry in Ann Arbor, MI
Hi guys! Thank you to all the people who have helped someone in need, you truly are amazing people. Long story short, I'm out of money and quite low on food for the next week or so, mainly due to the fact that I was forced to go to the ER last Friday because of a serious burn on my foot and, of course, I don't have any insurance. This wiped out my whole bank account, which then got overdrawn due to car insurance and a couple of checks that I had written a few days before. I'm starving tonight and I've basically only eaten fried eggs and toast this whole week. I understand if no one can help, but if anyone can help me out with some food for the night I would never forget it. As soon as I can get my bank account back in the positive I will definitely hop on here and help someone in need. I don't really know how this works (do you order it over the internet usually? Do I have to cover the tip?) so bear with me if it takes a couple of PM's. I'll be on Reddit all night, as usual, so I should respond quite quickly to any offers. Once again, thank all of you! Peace and love.

*
[Request] Got shut out of family Christmas dinner and got hammered by an unexpected expense.  Could really use a pie right now.
So the story is simple.  Due to a miscommunication with my family I will not be able to have Christmas dinner with them this year.  To top matters off my wife lost her debit card (with access to her cash) and I had a credit card payment (that I scheduled and forgot about) and a car insurance payment drop me into the red until payday this Friday.

So I'm feeling bummed and really could use a pie tonight if anyone is feeling generous.

[request] Chatham, Ontario. Long day tomorrow and no money until next week, would love a pizza.
My ex left and my sister is coming tomorrow to help me pack up her stuff. Unfortunately, I don't have any money until next week and I don't have much in the way of food. If someone could help us out with pizza tomorrow, we would be eternally grateful and could pay you back next week if need be. :)
[Request] Los Angeles, CA - Just back to CA with the clothes on my back. Pizza would be amazing!
Hey RAOP, this is my first time requesting, and I'll pay it forward as soon I land some work! 

I'm recently back to Los Angeles after looking for work in Oklahoma (blew my 401k in the process). I'm sleeping on a friend's floor and he's gone for the weekend. All that's left in the pantry is a can of tuna and some potatoes with ears! Would anyone be willing to pizza me today? I'll love you forever!
[REQUEST] for a pizza hut coupon. Tomorrow is my brother's birthday and I haven't got money to get him anything. We are in the Houston area.

[Request] Craving a pizza don't get paid until tomorrow USA
Hello and thank you for reading.  What I am asking for is a pizza from Papa John's.  I don't get paid until tomorrow and I would be able to pay whoever buys me a pie back or just pay it forward.  Thanks again!
[REQUEST] IV, California broke college student
I just paid my rent and have no money left. I am a full time student and I work. I'm fresh out of food and don't get paid until Monday... This would make my night.
[Request] Frederick, MD - Kicked butt in school today so I wanna keep the good vibes rollin'!
Crushed my Engineering homework, my Calculus II midterm, and even a Chemistry assignment. Got so much done today, so I'd love to top it all off with a pizza when I get home tonight! Thanks RAoP, I'll pay it forward next paycheck :)
[Request] Sick, Cold, No Money.
I'm a student living in Boston and I've been terribly sick for the last couple of days. Cold stuff, nothing huge but it's made me miss class which is very annoying.

Being feverish and cold-stricken I'd like to turn the radiator on but the landlord insists on not turning the boiler on until late October. This is New England where things get super cold super fast. I am one of those things and the blankets aren't cutting it. :/

Because of the first couple weeks of classes, I haven't had a chance to grocery shop extensively, only buying fruits and cereal and bread what have you. I've now exhausted all of that. Now I'm out of money too, so I can't even get take out.

I do have money put away for college, but my mother back home insists on regulating it for me. She's probably right to do so, however her boyfriend surprised her with a trip to the carribean. Meaning, now I need money from my account, but can't have it transfered because she is away.

Today's just a shit day: I'm sick, I'm cold, and my money is just out of reach.

May I please have a pizza so I can lay on it to stay warm/eat it while sobbing?
(REQUEST) buy a call center agent some pizza on his lunch break?
So some details. I work at this call center and have to deal with people being furious at me for something that I am just now learning about. It can be quite frustrating at times. But you know what would make it better? Some pizza on my lunch break! And I'm broke until Friday unfortunately. Pizza would just make my day! I can send proof of the call center night mare job as well. Thanks to anyone in advance for just looking at this!... Annnddd maybe pizza?

Edit: my lunch starts at 7:15pm MST. 
[Request] Cape May, NJ. Seven dude sausage fest, no brew, no girls. Need pizza to fill the void of our empty lives

[Request] I'm broke and I've never had pizza for breakfast before. Can you make my dreams come true? Manchester, UK.
GOOD MORNING! I'm bloody starving and don't have anything to eat. A delicious pizza would kick my day off to the best start! In return I will spread your legend far and wide. 
[Request] Yuba City California
I just got home from working a 15 hour shift, now I'm wishing I had some pizza. I recently got 2 flat tires, so getting that fixed so I can go to work on top of all my other bills has left me with $2 U.S. Thanks!!!
[Request] Hungry in Florida
Just could really use a pizza. 
(request) My Job Doesn't Pay Me
So sure to a screw up by my company HR department I came home from vacation and realized my vacation pay had been mis applied and I will not be getting it on this check but the next. That was 13 days ago and me and my roommateare broke and hungry. I live in central Texas. 
[Request] Corpus Christi, TX surrounding area family with a sick 4 month old, exhausted and could use the break from cooking!
Well my son has a bad cold and has been up the last few nights ALL night long. Needless to say we aren't getting much sleep! A nice hot pizza would be a great pick me up and a great way to get out of cooking for one night! I'm no one special, but i thought I'd give this a try! I'll pay it forward after the first of the month! Thanks for reading!  
[request] CA. Been unemployed for a few weeks, too ashamed to tell my family. To top it off, huge fight with boyfriend... he hasn't come home for 2 nights. Just bummed, would like to not cook. 

[REQUEST] Burst pipes, no water to clean dishes.  Will pay it forward.
Fiance was laid off a month or so ago so money was already tight before we had frozen pipes burst in our basement a week ago.


Our idiot landlord is dragging his feet on getting things fixed. We haven't showered in days, and have no more clean dishes to eat or cook anything on/in.

If somebody would be kind enough to order us some pizza, we would gladly pass it forward when our taxes come back.  There is a Pizza Hut and a Dominos nearby.

I also posted on the other RAOP.  That isn't against the rules is it?
[Request] East Texas near Sulphur Springs
My husband and I are trying to live on $674 a month disability and $81 a month food stamps.  Needless to say, we don't eat out and a pizza would be nice.
thanks
[REQUEST] Please help :(
well, My mom is out of town and wont be back for a few more days. . . I had quite a bit of cereals and breads and various boxed foods to last me, and 5 days ago EVERYTHING Got completely infested with bugs.  all the food was pretty much garbage and not safe to eat and I had to get a friend to come help me throw everything out and spray the house down and try to kill all these fuckers off...  but now I have no food, and no money (Bank account is -7328 overdrafted D: ) and I haven't eaten in days. . .  Any generosity would be nice. doesn't even have to be a pizza. Any food delivered would be nice... I'm in canada. I know most food places have cheap salads and various other things.. Anything would be appreciated and i promise to pay it forward as soon as I have money to do so or the chance to! D: ... thanks for your time...
[request] working from 5AM-8PM at the pool today.
I have a long shift today. And im hungry. 
[Request] I lied to my GF this morning as she left for school. "No, I've got food, you don't need to buy me breakfast" =/
I switched careers recently and won't be able to eat this week. It takes a lot for me to even ask here.

*Edit- I'm a bouncer now! Now if only I could eat enough to look like one. It's such a perfect job for me. All I've ever wanted to be is a ninja, and this fits so well. Do you have any idea how many calories sparring, weightlifting, parkour (ing) requires? Squirrels are not bulky.
[REQUEST] Having a really bad day
I just got home.  Checked my mail.  One lone piece in the box.  A very recognizable SASE.  In it, nicely folded in thirds, was my divorce decree.  Nothing else, just a little certificate.  I know what it is, but I read it over anyway, cause hey, it hurts more if you let the words fully sink in.  

Yesterday was my birthday.  One day you're 36, the next day you're divorced.

Not that I had many choices, but I was going to cook dinner tonight.  Now I don't want to do anything.  

I had to borrow $100 today to cover all the checks I mailed out on the first including rent.  I don't get paid until next week.  The divorce wasn't cheap, and now I get to officially make her payments every month.  The fun never ends.

I thought hey, I'll just get a pizza.  Oh wait no, my life is a mess and I have no money.

If anyone can help me out, I'll be sure to do the same for someone next week.

If not, just tell me it's going to get better.
[Request] On Bed Rest After ER Visit
I had a threatened miscarriage last night and I'm stuck resting up until I see my OB tomorrow when the office opens.

I need to go grocery shopping, but really can't yet. And with baby coming I can't justify spending money on a pizza.

I do have a verification code.

Thanks, Reddit. &lt;3
[Request] [Texas] New in town and broke from moving.
Heya! I just recently moved from CA to Texas for school and it's left me pretty broke. Living with my aunt, but we have no groceries in the house and I'm going to be alone all weekend by myself. I don't like taking things for free, and I won't have any money to pay it forward for a week or two. So if I get a pizza I'll [play it forward](http://www.reddit.com/r/playitforward/) and give away 3 games that are in my inventory. I probably won't get the pizza until tomorrow sometime to hold me over until Sunday. Thanks all! Any other questions just ask. :)

Edit: Guess I should mention that I'm in Edinburg, TX :D
[Request] Delaware - Studying for the Bar Exam and Broke
Studying for the Delaware bar exam which starts on Monday.  Haven't really left my room at all in a week.  Completely broke because I don't have a job until I start work, and all I have left in the fridge are some eggs.  Would love a random act of pizza.
[Request]Mother is in town!(rockford il)
My mama is in town,and we have no food...Someone stole my foodstamp card and we are waiting for a new one,if anyone would get us a pizza tonight,my mother and i would be so thankful...she just got off of a greyhound from GA that was a 22 hour ride and could use a nice dinner.
Godbless
[Request] Birthday tomorrow, out of food + no way to celebrate - Flagstaff, AZ
Hey RAoP. Tomorrow is my 22nd birthday, and I'm barely able to eat. I just recently got a job after moving here a few weeks ago, and haven't been paid or had any money at all to spend on decent food. Even worse, I suffer from Crohn's disease, and not eating is making my stomach flare up like you wouldn't believe. I could really, seriously use the food right now. Thanks for the consideration.

[Request] Would love any food let alone a hot'N'tasty Pizza. Eugene, OR
Hey reddit,

 My fiance and I recently sold everything we own and bought an rv so that we at least had a place to live. unfortunately that left us with no funds for anything else, and just like a champ our RV broke down. So, we are currently on the side of the road, in front of a friend's house. It would be really awesome to have a pizza to eat ourselves, but I would really like to have something to offer the household. We don't get our food stamps until the 9th, and just though that maybe reddit could come through in a pinch. 

Thanks everyone!


P.S. I'm using my dad's old account so that i wouldn't be on a *new one



 
[Request] 5 Days Til Payday in Washington, DC
Until payday on Friday, the only food I have in the house is white rice, and my checking account is in the red. Some pizza would really help me stretch out the week.
[Request] Please. Bad day, pizza would make things less terrible. 
Hey RAOP. Terrible, awful, no good day that may just get worse. No money in my wallet, the $100 paycheck I'm getting today is going to pay my $200 of bills, so obviously no food. Please, help. I will pay it forward ASAP.

Thanks.
[Request] In Michigan. Stuck at home on a Friday, no more school, and in a less than stellar mood.
23 year old guy and I'm just really craving something hot to eat. If there's anyone out there willing enough to look out I'd definitely pay it forward at my earliest convenience. Thanks guys.
[REQUEST] Missouri USA, Lost college meal plan card with no money until the 21st. Would like a break from ramen this week.
This is my first post here but basically I have lost my college ID, which is used to get into our dining halls. It costs 25 dollars to replace and I just don't have that money right now. I've been eating ramen since Saturday and would like some pizza as I wait for the 21st to arrive so I can get a replacement ID.
[request] Just finished my last school project! It's time to celebrate! (Utah)
Finished up my last big project in class today! Life is great and I'm stress free. Anyone want to help me celebrate with some pizza?
Request A pizza to celebrate
Just when I thought me and my children were not going to make it I just got a call for a job and start monday. The money I have is a little tight and would love to get some pizza for me and the kids to celebrate our life on the right track. Thank you
[Request] please help my family have a pizza dinner tonight
morning out there my family is hoping for pizza tonight but the wallet is empty its been over six months since had pizza or have even gotten to go out to eat. please can anybody help my family have a pizza dinner tonight
[Request] Washington state. Unemployed, hopefully soon to be employed.
As it says, I have no job.  My diet for the last few weeks has consisted of ramen, cheese, mayo, deli meat and bread. 

I can give you the sob story if you want, but i'm not going to put it here. Basically unemployed for the last 2 months, and no money.  I have 2 interviews set up tomorrow, and hopefully one of those will pan out.  

This is a throwaway due to the fact that friends use reddit and know me.  I have a lot of humility, and I never ask anyone for help. I can verify that I am in fact a redditor (13 mo) and will return this favor to some other deserving candidate when I get the job tomorrow (because i'm going to get it of course).

Thanks.
[REQUEST] Mississippi, USA; Craving some 'zaa...
Broke until Sunday, no food, no money, (all of what we did have went to our babies! [dogs, cat, snake...]) sitting at work and hungry as fuuuuh. We are broke as hell and craving some 'zaa. If someone would be kind enough to get us a pizza from Papa Johns or Dominos or Pizza Hut, (our favourites!!!) or anywhere really! we would be forever indebted to RAOP and on Sunday, when we get paid, we would totally pay back the favor to another in need!!! Thanks so much!! 
[Request] I SURE DO LOVE PIZZA
I love pizza. I don't have enough money in my bank account to order one. I'm really hungry. I don't have a car, so I can't go get pizza in person. PAPA JOHNS IS FAR AWAY, IN BALTIMORE. 

BALTIMORE. I love Pizza. Pizza is my favorite food. I am alone tonight and PIZZA WOULD BE SO WARM AND LOVING.

If anyone would be so gracious, I would pass down the warm pizza giving when I have available funds. I can also send pictures of the pizza in my hands, mouth, and while I am doing homework.
[REQUEST] Dad trying to support his new family
I'm a new father of a 10week old boy and I'm the only one working in the house. I recently got a new job after being laid off for 2 months so me and my wife and trying to get things back together. The only problem is, our money is drained right after I get paid because of past due bills from when I was laid off. Anything would help, I'd love to get my other half her favorite pizza on my first three day weekend.

By the way, I'm located in the states, Missouri to be exact. If you want proof I can send a picture of my son.
[Request] Home Friday night with nothing to do.
I am sitting here alone and bored this evening. Would be nice to spend it with a pizza. Just imagine the adventures the pizza and I  could go on, and once the adventuring is over the pizza will be devoured. But do not fret as the deed will be repaid to another poor pizza less soul, so they can also enjoy the greatness of the pizza.
[REQUEST] Pizza in exchange for art and poetry? (Virginia)
My girlfriend and I are  broke, waiting on the GI Bill to get around to paying me this month, and have only PB&amp;amp;J to eat until the money arrives. (We're running out of bread.)

So here's my proposition:

If you will buy us a pizza, I will write you a poem, and not just some crappy haiku. My girlfriend will draw a picture to go with the poem. And once the money comes in, we will pay it forward by purchasing a pizza for someone else!

So, any takers?
[Request] Philadelphia, PA - broke as everyone else here and googling "free food" does not seem to get you anywhere. Also, my band made a loosely pizza themed "concept EP" 2 years ago that doesn't make any money (serious credentials).
So my new boss (I work at a math tooterin' center) messed up adding me to the payroll and I don't get paid til next Friday.  I spent the last of my money yesterday by ordering an eggroll for pickup with the last ~$2 in my bank account then buying veggie fried rice with my last $4 in change when I went to get it (real sneaky sorta cept I shoulda just bought ramen/cheap groceries).  I'm seeing my family this weekend so they'll definitely feed me, but til then it's not looking good.  


I'm not gonna link to the music cause I don't want this to come off like a sneaky promo, but if you want to hear it and you message me I won't turn you down
[Request] Hungry in the Appalachian Mountains
My best friend and I share a one room apartment and for the last two months have only been able to afford ramen, if we're lucky. Neither of us get help from our families and we finally both may have gotten  jobs! (i'm going to my interview in about an hour) We would be eternally grateful and would love to celebrate with some pizza!
 
[Request] I would really enjoy a pizza for lunch! I will pay it forward next Thursday!
No sob story. I am just hungry and would enjoy a pizza. I usually only eat organic, but, today I would like a pizza for lunch. I guess I should tell you  about myself! I am a 20 year old female in nursing school (I love it!) I am either going to be a flight nurse or psychiatric nurse. I also volunteer at the gift shop, at my local hospital, because I love to socialize and meet new people. If there is anything you would like to know about me, feel free to ask! 
[Request] I'll trade you an original song for pizza
I'm a music teacher who also teaches private lessons.  I just got home from lessons today and I'm spent.  I don't have the energy to cook dinner and decided I'd be willing to write an original song on the topic of your choice and record it for you.  The instrumentation will be guitar and voice.

History is filled with musicians and benefactors.  Haydn had the Esterhazy family, Mozart had the Archbishop of Salzburg, Bach had the Duke of Saxeweimar (who threw him in jail).  I could have you (for a much cheaper price I might add).

Seriously, any topic you want.  You want a song, I want a pizza.  Let's make this happen.
[REQUEST] Ontario Canada | All I can think about is pizza
I've been living off bologna sandwiches and ramen for the past few months, and all I can think about is getting a hot slice of pizza. No sad stories, just a big craving. Thanks!
[Request] College kid, starting school, shit going bad already...
Schools starting again, i've barely got enough money to pay for it...and there was an antibiotic screw up with my girlfriend...

So now i'm freaking out and theres not going to be much food in the hosue for a week.

Pizza would be a small pick me up.
REQUEST   Georgia
It is my 50th birthday and I love pizza, my husband and I are both disabled and right now can not do anything for my birthday. we live in Georgia and my birthday is July 19th.
verification code BXYKkmYYIt/r   I love peperoni only, we have a pizza king that makes the best pizza around, there is also papa's to go and little cearzar's 
[REQUEST] DENVER CO
I was just wondering if anyone could help me out, my mother in law and fiance are stuck at home with nothing to eat and it just breaks my heart that not even her boyfriend will do anything about it. Please help thank you
[Request] Easthampton, MA: A pizza is fine too...
hello! i just subscribed today, so maybe this is a shot in the dark, but... i'm a severely underemployed freelancer with way too much time between work/checks... super hungry at the moment, and would love some pizza. the only place around here is dominos, but that's fine cos they're pretty cheap. i submitted invoices this week for $650, so i would gladly repay double the pizza when i get my checks, which will hopefully be later this week but no later than the following. anyway, thanks for reading, what you guys do here is awesome :D
[Request] Austin, TX USA would appreciate pizza lunch!
You know how it is - end of the month, all the money's been committed, stuck at work and everyone else is eating awesome lunch stuff and you've got nothing but the earlier resolve to just drink water at lunch until payday...which is seeming less satisfying by the minute.

If granted a joyful pizza, I'll be offering a pizza on the 16th in return, because that's how I (pizza) roll.

ETA: whether today, tomorrow, or Wednesday, doesn't matter. I'll be working through lunch, so time is also flexible (say...by 3pm on any of those days). Thanks for your consideration!
[request] South Florida young musician home with an empty fridge and an empty wallet, would love a pizza

[Request] Free pizza for a med student prepping for boards.

[REQUEST] New York, USA Broke college grad looking for a job - would really like a pizza.
Just graduated school and am looking for a job I can hopefully call my career. Any help would be greatly appreciated and I will definitely pay it forward!
[request] broke college student :)
I'm a student it's my first day back and I'm broke I'm in the uk can I get a pizza?

haven't heard of this site before but i'm starving and i've run out of food in my house, don't know how this works so if someone could help out i'll love you forever and possibly name my first born after you
[request] high school student in fontana, california
my moms monthly check doesnt come till tomorrow and theres no food to make at my house other than rice or toast, ive been makin watever i could find these last few days. i hav a nice family and were usually doin good on our own, but the bills this month were more than expected so we had to buy less food.
[REQUEST] Just kind of poor for a couple weeks.
I have ramen, and a couple old soups. I'm not really in dire circumstances, just trying to get myself out of credit debt from years ago. (this was to take care of my late mother though). I also got hit with that magic "planets align to form one super big billing cycle with all my bills" time. I don't really expect any pizza, but if someone is rich and bored, i'm merely an outlet. My only offer to you is that i promise, on the soul of my dearest mother, to pay it forward in the coming weeks.
Bothell, wa (just north of seattle)
[Request] It's my birthday and I have no funds (UK)
I've been living on starvation rations for a week; I was determined to treat myself to pizza for my birthday but the friend who owes me money let me down again... 

Any kind-hearted redditors out there wanna give me a present? Much love and virtual hugs will be dispatched via the tubes.

Swindon, UK

[request] Unemployed grad student, not enough financial aid to pay fees, down to my last $30
So, I'm unemployed. Haven't gotten enough financial aid. Ineligible for unemployment because I didn't make enough money at my last job. Majorly stressed. And to top it all, I might get evicted because the person I'm subletting from hasn't paid the landlord for 2 months. Once I pay my rent and utilities for this month (both on hold on landlord's orders until they sort out the mess) I'll have about $30 left. Unless I find a job soon or get approved for additional financial aid (my department told me to go screw myself on grants and assistantships), I'm screwed in a serious way. I really could use a pizza though.
[Request] Tennessee USA No sob story, just a hungry college girl.
I'm about to watch American Horror Story with my boyfriend. Would love some pizza. I don't have money because college. 
[Request] Olympic Peninsula, WA. Life is good, but it would be just sock hopping magical with some pizza.
hi! my partner and I have a been traveling and living on the streets for the past couple of years. We recently decided to settle down and change our pace a little bit. We've been here for a month and already have a place to stay and I start working a job I think I'm going to absolutely enjoy tomorrow. So everything is going great and I wish the world a kitten filled glory hole tastic day! We're just bummed we have to celebrate my last day of unemployment eating peanut butter toast and I promise to return the favor as soon as I get paid. Thanks! 
[REQUEST]Canada Ontario would love some Pizza. 
Hey Reddit, me and my mate here are hungry as ever and my birthday is today. My mate would buy me Pizza but he doesn't get paid till next week. Will pay you back. Thanks for reading guys :)
[REQUEST] Seattle, WA ~ Electricity got shut off and I have no money until Friday.  A pizza of any sort would help out a great deal.
This is the first time I've gone to RAoP, but I'm kind of in a bad spot.  So I have no electricity to cook anything, and I'm completely broke for the next two days.  Anything at all would help immensly, and I would be more than willing to pay back in any way, shape, or form come Friday.  

Thanks a ton for reading and have a great day!
[Request] My Girlfriend and I have been eating ramen for the past week could really use a pick me up! (dallas,Tx)
Not trying to make up some sob story. Just an honest person trying to stay fed. If you could help out Id love to give back when I can. Verfication will be provided. Can do pictures of our food stores if you want!

[REQUEST] UConn Student All Alone :(
So everyone has left for Thanksgiving break already and I'm here alllll by myself alternating between Battlefield 3, Mirrors Edge, L.A. Noire and.... MW3. I'm broke as a joke and starvingg! Help me obi wan, your my only hope!!
Request in Ga Pizza or the kids
we are decorating the Christmas tree and I would like to have a few pizzas for the kids this is not a must have but I know it would be something they would enjoy. we have papa johns pizza inn and dominoes that deliver to our home anyone that may help we will be so very thankful!
[REQUEST] I'm still waiting on a pay check.
My uncle works for himself doing grocery store refrigeration. I moved to Denver around June 1st, and I'm looking for work. I worked with him **2** weeks ago last, for about a week and a half. I even went to Oklahoma City with him to help build a giant walk in cooler and set the cases in the store - the ones customers use.

He left for Modesto CA, 2 weeks ago to do another, and he gets back home tomorrow, and he may or may not have a paycheck waiting for me, but I will find out then.

I'll return the favor when I've been compensated, I appreciate the help! d:D

[Request] Drawings for Pizza, in NSW, Australia!
Ran out of food this week, can't buy anything for another two days. I'll happily draw a humanoid character portrait for anyone who can get something headed my way!

Examples of my art, and the style and quality I'm willing to draw: http://imgur.com/A6CQbrp http://imgur.com/KDKJCj0

(crossposted to [the other RAoP](http://www.reddit.com/r/RandomActsOfPizza/comments/1gn9st/request_drawings_for_pizza_in_nsw_australia/) because I don't know how to Reddit v well :( )
[Request] Skinny Uk lady would like a pizza, cheese and tomato would do. 
I'm unemployed, single, I lost my cat two months ago and I'm broke. I'm very skinny and have trouble keeping weight on. I have a few job interviews next week and it would be *so* nice to be gifted a lovely surprise pizza and of course I will be gifting pizza to whoever I can when I can. Otherwise, I'll have to pop in on my Nana for some biscuits or something. 
[Request]No plans today but staying inside, would love a Papa Johns pizza!
I used to work in one but recently was laid off after we went bankrupt &lt;/3 Haven't had one of their slices in awhile and I would LOVE to get some good luck today!

Please and Thank you!
[Request] Hungry!! 
Hey, i'm low on money, don't have hardly any food in my house, and just need something to get through until tomorrow night!  I'm really hungry and would love a pizza!
[Request] Seattle, WA, USA. Want to pass it on when I'm back on my feet!
So by a series of bad timing and bureaucratic paperworkery my unemployment benefits are in limbo. I haven't had benefits for a month, when I should have (they're reviewing my case, which is standard procedure but they're behind so their 2 week time frame has morphed into a five week time frame), I'm just frustrated and broke, but I should be getting money monday (finally), and a pizza could feed me all weekend.

I hope this doesn't sound too much like begging. If it doesn't happen it doesn't happen. Of course when I'm back on my feet I will pizza this forward to someone who needs it at that time.
[Request] Unexpectedly babysitting on an empty stomach. U.S.
Sister got called into work unexpectedly and three of her kids got dropped off with me. I wouldn't mind pizza for myself and the two eldest, thirds is only like 6 months old so no pizza for her. More than likely to pay it back or forward after September 9th. Thanks! Oh and I've got a verification code if you want that.
[REQUEST] Because these three corn dogs were supposed to be my dinner...
[I am a miserable failure when it comes to making anything. Even heating up corn dogs.](http://i.imgur.com/IxgXi.jpg)

I was given this convection microwave. I guess i'm not sure how it works fully. But there went my dinner for tonight. I might try corndogs again tomorrow night, as it's the only thing I actually have to eat, but well, tonight i'm a little bit frustrated with the whole corn dog adventures and my microwave (and house) smells like the inside of mordor.

can provide a verification code if need be.

If no one feels the need to help out, no worries. I'll figure something out. My dad bought me a burger for lunch today so I can make it till tomorrow. :) This place is still awesome.

EDIT: Forgot to add that i'm in Utah.
[Request]Jamestown Ny Want to try some local style pizza.
I have only had Pizza Hut and other cookie cutter style. 

Tim
[Request] Swallowing my pride to hopefully swallow some pizza.
http://imgur.com/NnPh876.png

Hey RAOP, we all know how tough of an economy it is. I didn't expect to have to ask strangers for assistance, but even my mother had fallen in hard times. I recently obligated my contract with Army and am having a hard time reintegration. I haven't had a lot of luck and a pizza would really help. I need a haircut too, but I think that might be a different subreddit. I hope to be able to do the same for someone else in the future. 

Eternally thankful, .39¢.
[Request] No money, would like to surprise roommate when he gets home from long shift
We're in Washington state. We spent the rest of our money catching up on bills this month. My cousin worked extra hard at his job to make sure we could cover the bills. I'd love to surprise him with a nice hot pizza when he gets home a little after 9. I'm willing to make a deal to hold a contest 8/23/2013 for a pizza giveaway.

Edit: I am willing to set this up for a different day. He still deserves a pizza even if it's not tonight.
[REQUEST] School's on the way and I'm hungry.
Hello RAOP'ers, I'm Galus and I'm from Clearwater, FL. I've been spending my time sitting around hungry for the past couple of days and broke for the last two months. My friend &amp; fellow redditor /user/stevenjohns/ told me about Random Acts of Pizza and I thought I might give this a shot, what can I lose, my pride? School is starting next week and I'm trying to stretch out the last of my money till my scholarships and grants come. Because I've been broke, i've been staying in doing nothing but coding and gaming. I don't know what much more to say other than this is me: http://mariuszgalus.com , in the past week i've been trying to help out my dad's business (not going well) by redo-ing his entire site http://bmhardwoodfloors.net AND my new site (cool css3 stuff! ) http://mariuszgalus.com/newsite which I can't wait to deploy. I also have been coding for 64labs.com but the CEO told me he had no money to pay me. I thought it was my big break to getting a job. In the end, i'm hungry. I just signed up for EBT/food stamps. -_- 
Here's a picture of my bank account http://twitch.tv/saionjik

Have a good day guys
[Request] Robbed. Help would be greatly appreciated. Arkansas, USA
My Mom just returned from trying to buy groceries and believes she was robbed while she turned her back from her cart. About $200 was taken from her wallet and so now we're out that money and groceries from tonight. Salt on the wound is that, upon reflection, she realized a man had been shadowing her almost the whole time in an almost empty store and the store doesn't have video cameras.

My husband and I are down visiting, so it's 5 adults total. If you could spare enough for about 2 pizzas, you'd be doing us a great favor.
[REQUEST]  Home from a long bike trip around NJ, broke, and found out unemployment is suspended.
I just got home from a long bicycle trip around NJ only to find I had missed some important mail from UI.  I have enough food in the house to survive until I get it straightened out, but I could sure use a pizza.
[REQUEST] Texas USA Stressed out and would like a pizza help with all of this.
I'm working on a movie with my school and our director is calling us names, telling me that I'm doing everything wrong and she also lost all of our audio. We lost about a day of filming. She has made this week a living hell, and I have to go film on Sunday and Monday (my days off from school). A pizza would be a real treat. Thanks.
Stuck at work. Need food. Satisfy my [request]?
I work at 546 Poplar Street in Macon, Ga. Myself and my coworker would love some food, but neither of us have the money for food. 
Can you help? We will shower you with love. 
[REQUEST] Underpayed Sailor in Hawaii requesting delicious Cheesy goodness.
Welp, this week the Federal payment system mixed me up with someone who got half of his pay revoked this month.

The good news is that I get payed 150% next paycheck. The bad news is that I didn't know I was only 50% until I got notified by my bank yesterday. A Pizza from Dominoes would certainly help me cheer up and save the last bit of dough I have (pun intended) to make it to the end of the month.

If done, in July I will pay that shit forward!
(Request) College Student that just got back from break, havent gone shopping yet. 
I got back from break about a week ago, and have been surviving off canned and frozen foods. I'm kinda sick of it, and would humbly ask for a pizza! thank you
{Request} I live in Wisconsin, and I can't even afford our water (beer). 
Hi! I've had a crappy pay period. Got paid today and poof, it's gone. I would dance with glee if someone gave me a pizza for me and one cat (she will get one pepperoni, which she will beg for, but then lose interest once I give it to her.) Anyone care to build me a smile?
[REQUEST] My housemate will pose in her latex dress... In exchange for Pizza (PICS)
Me and my housemate really want some pizza lovin'. But we're both low on funds, I lost my job last week, so she's been supporting me... I'm in Australia (Whittlesea area, VIC), 2 nearby pizza's places, the cheaper option is any Large pizza for 10 dollars... She will pose in any position (SFW) asked to the successful bidder with pizza and personalised love note... Other requests negotiable, no nudes etc

She does contracted modelling from time to time... I'm no photographer, but i'll try my best... Here's a sneak

http://i.imgur.com/1En8M.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/DX0IE.jpg

And from today http://i.imgur.com/k73jw.jpg
[Request] Tempe, AZ It's 11pm, I haven't ate anything but cereal today, and now my computer is dying... some pizza would really help right now
Haven't ate anything but a bowl of cereal for breakfast at 7am this morning before class, and now my laptop is making a very loud screeching sound - probably the fan. Some random pizza would be greatly appreciated to fill an empty stomach.
[Request] California USA  Will eat pizza for a pizza
If I had a pizza I would eat it  d(O_O)b
[request] Minneasota - Would love a pizza to last me the week
kinda broke until next paycheck next friday and im sorta outta food at my place  :/
anything can help
thanks :)
REQUEST, single mother of one recently displaced from home, spfld IL.....
I am a single mother of a wonderful 9 year old boy. For the past 4 years I worked in group homes assisting individuals with developmental disabilities. I was unfairly terminated from my job and recently had to move in with someone because I couldnt make the rent. I would love to be able to sit down with my son and serve him Pizza for dinner it would be a nice change of pace from the usual mix of ramen noodles and staples that we get with govt. assistance. I will be "Offering" as soon as I get back on my feet..........
[REQUEST] I have been pretty broke for the past month and a half and trying to save up for college has become difficult
I work in construction with my Dad since he created his own company years ago. Recently clients from different jobs have not paid the bills we send and we can't do much about it yet until months from now. 
[Request] No fireworks, No Money, No Food. [Kalamazoo, MI]
Hi reddit, I am broke and just started work last week. I don't recieve my first paycheck till friday. Any chance I can find some random pizza kindness?
(request) Pizza Please.
I submit the following as a description of my situation, not a sob story.

I am out of work and freelancing, I wont get paid for another week at least.
A pizza would be my first meal in 2 days, I have been sufficing myself on 25c bags of chips and water. 

Well the chips are done, and I hope you can help.

I am the type who generally helps others, and will certainly pay this forward.

Thanks everyone.
[REQUEST]Poland, Europe, installing panels in my room in between studying for last exam, tired, broke and hungry.
Hi raop, I'm installing pannels in my room and it's not as easy as I thought, especially that I'm really tired after studying pretty hard for my last exam that takes place next week. If I get good grade (A), I will get scholarship that I need really bad. I was studying for 3 days straight, 2 more are ahead of me. I am very hungry and I don't really know what to eat - I don't want to ask my mom for money because she invested so much in my room lately that it can look as I wanted. Any help appreciated. [Pic of my cat helping me with the floor, her name is Tequila, sorry for quality of that photo, it was taken with my phone.](http://imgur.com/uAa1I)
[Request] It has been a tough few months but I am recovering from life changing situations, based in the UK and would love a pizza to try get the weekend off to a decent start.
If you look at my previous post you will be able to see my story, since then things have settled a little, the stress is still high but overall I am looking at things more positive, I would love to be able to get a pizza to relax this weekend without having to worry too much about food.
[Request] Honestly, it's hard to ask for stuff like this, but here goes...
I may have gotten my subreddits mixed up, is there a difference between this one and /r/randomactsofpizza?  Oh well, might as well try both...

So a little over 3 weeks ago I lost my job, and I THOUGHT I had another job lined up, but unfortunately that fell through. I've been barely making a meal a day out of bare bones food (ramen, rice, beans) and have no money to buy anything else at the moment. The job hunt is not going as smoothly as I had hoped, and apparently I have to wait until NEXT week for unemployment to give me anything, which will go mostly to my rent. 

With every day I don't get a new job my situation seems bleaker and bleaker. And the fact that I've been barely surviving on a meager portion of tasteless crap every day is not helping my outlook on life. I don't think I could write the words that would properly convey what a nice, crispy, cheesy pizza would do to boost my spirits, and I don't want to get my hopes too far up by typing it out.  All I'm gonna say is, if any kind soul out there would send some pizza my way (I'm in NYC, btw) it would mean the world to me.
[Request] It's been a rough year [Venice, CA]
I'm a single guy in my mid 20's living in California and I lost my job back in May. Two weeks after I lost my job I was diagnosed with Addison's Disease, an autoimmune disorder similar to Type 1 Diabetes but instead of insuline my body no longer produces cortisol as well as a few other hormones.

Most of the money I have left has been going to doctors and pharmacies to keep me healthy and I could really use some help keeping myself fed. I've been lurking on the sight for a while and finally worked up the courage to ask for some help.

If anyone out there could help out I'd return the favor as soon as I could and would be forever thankful.


[REQUEST] broke hungry college student in columbus
i know there seem to be a lot of broke hungry college students, but i am another one. no groceries, ive been living off of instant oatmeal and ramen, i dont get a paycheck until next week and 100% of it is going to pay off my credit card. cheese or sausage or pepperoni pizza would be awesome!
[request] Depressed and hungry.
I'm having a hard time building up strength to even post this. I feel so weak, I haven't ate in 3 days, haven't slept, haven't worked.. I'm just so gone.

4AM Thursday morning I hear a big thump and then I hear the lady down stairs screaming in the hallway... Her husband fell in the shower I'm not sure if he had a stroke or what exactly happen, as she dialed 911 I held him in my arms and he stopped breathing. I tried to do everything I could to bring him back. I'm in shock and so sad, it's just unreal. I feel bad for the man and the lady.. I'm so depressed over the situation. 

I live out in the country a bit, and I'm just too depressed to go anywhere or do anything.. I plan on trying to go see a therapist tomorrow (if ones open) and head back to work Monday. 

I think it would be great if someone could order me a pizza and me snuggle up with my journal tonight and possibly watch a movie to help ease my mind.....I really don't feel comfortable driving, I just need to relax and do some coping skills.
[Request] Need some help in WI can return the favor in a few days
I made a request yesterday someone was willing to help me out but it required driving which I do not own a car, If someone is able to help someone else I will return the favor in few days (Thurs) roommate bailed leaving me to cover the whole rent and utilities (ran me broke and had to even borrow money) thanks redditors 
[REQUEST and OFFER] In Austin, Buy Me A Pizza Tonight, I'll Buy You Two Tomorrow Night
Don't get direct deposit from my job till past the delivery man's bedtime... just ate me a chicken pot pie and oatmeal because that's all I got left... very end of the month sure is fun, ain't it? I work my butt off and thus, come home and raid the hell out of my fridge... but at the end of this month I'm pretty much foodless till tomorrow. I would love me a pizza right now, so if you please, buy me a pizza, pepperoni will be fine, and I'll buy you two tomorrow when I actually have money. The only thing I love more than charity is rewarding charity. Thank you.
[Request] Hungry couple unable to afford food for awhile~ California~
Anyone want to send us a domino's pizza? I can't spend what little money I have until the 4th of February and my boyfriend only has about $5. We only have 4 slices of bologna and a block of cheese~ looking for something a bit more exciting than bologna and cheese :/
Willing to send a present in exchange &lt;3
[Request] Craving Pizza So Hard
I have a pretty awesome life. Seriously. I have a good husband and great friends, I'm finishing up school... 

but this week has been pretty rough and I am craving pizza and already spent my share of the monthly eating-out budget. If someone could get me a small pizza, it would be absolutely amazing.
[REQUEST] My friend was in an accident and is now in the ER. I'm with her looking out for her, but my wallet is at home. It'll be a while, but I don't want to leave. Could some awesome person please send a pizza?
Philadelphia, Hospital of the Univeristy of Pennsylvania Emergency Department. PM with details. You guys are awesome.
[REQUEST] Been unemployed for 2 and a half months now, busting my ass to find one, could use a pizza to take my mind off bills for a little while.
If one person helps me out, i promise to be on here atleast twice a month to pay it forward and restore faith in people, one pizza at a time =)
{REQUEST} ROAP....please? NW Indiana
I'm a single mom on unpaid medical leave. I do receive food stamps, but a random act of pizza would be really terrific. Thank you!
[Request] 
Family in 
need, 
Pennsylvania
Hi, family here in need of some extra assistance. Would greatly appreciate a hot meal for tonight and tomorrow.
I am a long time "reddit lurker" and I am aware of people being hesitant on here to give to the noobs.
I am hoping that someone helps us and the kids out though. I am aware of r/food pantry and will be asking for groceries but for tonight if anyone can help, we will appreciate it. Thanks!

p.s. sorry if this is too wordy
[Request] Horrible day, No food, broke down car, and hungry children. 
Title says it all. Today has been absolutely horrible. I was taking my youngest to a doctors appointment and my starter went out, my car is now sitting in the doctor's office parking lot until I am able to get to Cash Advance to take a loan out to get the parts my brother will fix it but being this late I have no way to get to the store with my FSC, I'm really exhausted. My cabinets and refrigerator is completely empty, I can send pictures as proof as well as any other proof. I really just want my children to eat. 
[Request] Broke recent graduate in Ohio, craving the cheesy comfort of a pizza after a bad day
Graduated and I've yet to find a job but prospects look better now. Still unemployed and just got a letter saying my internet and phone service will be shut off soon. was hoping a kind redditor could help me out with a pizza and something sweet for dinner. 
[Request] I'm going through the worst time in my life Pittsburgh, PAIL
I'm 21 years old, just got out of a bad relationship and we have a 17 month old. I just moved in with my friend until I get my feet on the ground, I don't get paid until next Friday and I'm more than willing to help someone else out as soon as my funds allow me. I've never been in such a shitty situation, and I don't know what to do. I'm hungry and reaching out to you redditors
[request] Broke college kids
Bozeman, MT
[REQUEST]Broke, No car or cash.  Pretty f-in hungry.
IDC what kinda of food or from where. Im just really fuckin hungry.   Car broke down last week.  have about $1.45 and Im new to L.A. and I don't know anyone.  Can some one help a fellow brother out.
[REQUEST] Pizza in the USA
Before I begin I would like to apologize for this being a new account. I have been lurking reddit for years and after finding this subreddit I had to make an account. I am a single mother who is not starving but after the father of my children left us we have been living off rice, beans, and oatmeal. It would really help lift our spirits if we could have a special meal tonight for a change. PM me if you want any details. Thanks!

[Request] College student in awkward money situation due to delayed paychecks.
I'm a college student who's staying on campus over the summer to do research. I'm getting paid pretty fairly, but there were problems authorizing my account direct deposit and now I have two unpaid paychecks which will not go through until Friday. Usually I have buddies around to rely on, but since it's the summer pretty much everyone I know is gone. I plan to pay it forward when I get money in the bank. 

I should also say that I'm not really in need, as I have enough milk, ramen, frozen fruits, and rice to last me a whole semester, I just really crave some veggies / real meat right now. 

If you want some verification please PM me and I'll work with you.
[REQUEST] Long night of studying ahead...My roomie and I would love some Pizza
So, my roommate and I both have a whole pile of work to conquer tonight...I myself have about 100 pages of reading as well as a 6 page essay to write, all due before noon tomorrow. My roommate, who is an Occupational Therapy Major and I don't envy in the slightest, has a whole barrel of memorization and classification notes to work with. We're both going to be up all night and neither of our pay checks come in until tomorrow.

If a good Samaritan provided us with a delicious pie, we'd be forever grateful! Our location is in Ithaca, NY.  
[Request]  I'm moving; half our stuff is packed and plenty still needs to be packed. Money is tight (I guess money is usually tight). A pizza would be much appreciated.
If someone wouldn't mind helping us out, we would be very grateful. If not, we understand. Thanks.
(Request) Tucson, AZ -It's my Friday and my week old, brand new laptop just failed on me, our little family dog at my parents house is sick and getting put down this weekend, feeling depressed.
Hi there, this is my first post on reddit, long time lurker, always checked out RaoP for some inspiration about good people doing good things. I'm not starving, I have some decent food in the fridge, but I would really love some pizza. Pizza is my #1 favorite food, and I usually order some as comfort food. I'm just completely out of money till next friday.

First, I get an email this morning from my step mom that our little dog has kidney disease which is why shes been sick a lot lately. Vet gave her a shot of something to see if she could keep food down, but it didn't work, so shes going to be put down. Then I get home today and boot up my new laptop, its wonderful I saved for 6 months to pay for it, I can play every game that's out on ultra settings and have great FPS. After about 20 mins of playing some Skyrim it just shuts off, won't turn on. Hours of tech support online/calling ASUS, I find i have to send it in for repairs/replacement and won't get it back for up to 2-3 weeks. On my old computer now reading reddit and feeling bad. Shitty day. So if anyone would like to send me a pick me up, I would love you forever.
[Request] Parents left nothing for food, been eating bread, cereal and marshmallows. (Northern CO, USA)
Hi, RAOP. Just as the title says. I'm an unemployed college student and I've been avoiding meals where I can because I can't afford to go out (even to Mickey D's) and we don't even have fruit, vegetables, or snack foods. Little sister is kinda fat and eats everything that doesn't make me gag. Is anyone feeling charitable?
[REQUEST] TX - I will do almost anything for a pizza - give me your mission
Give me your mission and if my response pleases you, feel free to send me a pizza. 

Or just make me do something for free if you decide to not send me a pizza, that's fine. Go on a power trip to see how far I will go for a potential pizza? That's fine. I am not "in need" but I will do some random things for random pizza.



[Request] Wouldn't Mind Free Pizza; That is all. xD (AB, Canada)
Nothing special here really, Poked my head into RAoP when it first started thought its a pretty cool idea.  There ARE other redditors who NEED such a service more than myself, but hey, its free pizza right? =p

If anyone is in the mood for giving feel free to drop me a PM, I live in a rural town with no large pizza franchises, so I'm not sure how that would even work &gt;_&lt;

Cheers all!
[Request]Hungry and broke (Florida)
Hi RAOP I'm a student in Florida and I would like to request a pizza. My situation is that I've run out of money basically paying tuition for summer classes and have to survive for two weeks on about $15 until my financial aid check comes in the mail. I would greatly appreciate a pizza or gift card in order to make surviving a bit easier. Thanks for reading
[REQUEST] Austin, Tx. I just moved out on my own for the first time, and then got fired from my job.
I am seriously stressing about being able to pay my rent and utilities, and the three dollars in my bank account has to hold me until my last paycheck gets here, so I'd really appreciate it if someone could help me out with some pizza. Being independent for the first time is hard. -_-
[Request] In Tallahassee, FL, best friend has really abandoned me, trying to keep up with school, and just really freaking lonely and hungry. Requesting pizza or love Reddit.
I wanted to say I'm absolutely heart broken, but didn't want to give the wrong impression.  I don't know why, buy my best friend that I've spent all of the last year spending every free second with, suddenly wants very little to do with me and is causing me to feel extremely left out with all of our mutual friends.  Plus, I've honestly never loved someone more than her, so I don't know if I've ever hurt this much before.  It's terrible and confusing.

On top of that, a couple friends suddenly suffering from massive depression, drug use, and self harm, trying desperately to take care of them and am just so so drained and lonely because of everything.

Just trying to get past these next two weeks with tons of school work and exams, so hoping for some pizza or just some Reddit love and motivation would help with the loneliness and anxiety.
[REQUEST] New Zealand, a friend is feeling down and has no food. Would like to get her some pizza to cheer her up :)

[Request] I'm an electronic music musician who's in desperate* need of pizza. I'll make you a song in exchange for a small pizza.
*note: I'm not actually desperate.

I realize that making you a song is a small thing, so I'm not going to ask you to send me a large pizza with lots of toppings or anything. Really, the most that I'm asking for is like a small pizza with no toppings. All I ask is that you keep the requests reasonable, and keep in mind that I'm not a millionaire, so I don't have access to a lot of things, such as realistic instruments like electric guitars or vibrant orchestras.

[Here's my soundcloud so you can get a jist of what my music sounds like, and the style I like to do.](http://www.soundcloud.com/slowfreq/)

NOTE: I'll PM you my address when I'm completed with your request.
[Request] NC, USA. $16.61
I'm 21, live in North Carolina, and currently my checking account has $16.61 in it.

I'm a college student at UNC, and I quit my job in February to try and start a business (I'm a business major). Things are moving much slower than I expected, but nobody said it would be easy. I think I have a chance to make some money this coming week, but until then this is what I'm stuck with.

I've never been in this place before, I've always had some kind of job since I started working in high school, so I've always had some backup cash. Well once school runs out and the loans are dry here I am, pretty fucked. Dad's helping with rent and bills each month, but I'm ashamed as it is to take money from him, I can't possibly ask for more until he offers it, especially since he tells me they've cut his pay at his current position.

My roommate has been out of town too, and she owes me $50 for her half of the electric, but won't be back in town until Tuesday. Meanwhile, I sit here in the apartment working, trying not to leave lest I spend money or gas, with a near empty kitchen. And I've just run out of bud too. . .

I really enjoy just plain cheese pizza, or maybe cheese and bacon or something simple. It's the simple, little things in life anyway.
[request] Recovering Addicts Craving Pizza
A little about me: I am in a supportive living program for chemical dependency after completing a rigorous in-patient detox program. Myself and three other guys share an apartment and we get all of our food from the facilities 'food pantry.' We aren't starving but I know I haven't enjoyed the tasty goodness of a pizza in over 41 days! One of the other guys has been deprived for nearly 90 days! I will do whatever is necessary to substantiate my story if need be. Thanks for taking the time to check this out.
[Request] UK. No sob story. I'd just like a Random Act of Pizza
I could go on about how I'm a poor student. But really I'm just in the mood for some pizza after a hard days work.

That is what this subreddit is about, right?

:) 
[REQUEST] Would love a pizza dinner tonight!
Up in the northern California, USA! Would really appreciate if a fellow redditor would help me out as I am without money and find myself more often than not with a talking stomach. Don't want to sound like I'm begging, but a pizza dinner would help me out a lot.
[REQUEST] Anyone want to help out a newbie?-DE
I'm brand new to reddit and just found this sub-reddit.How neat and what a good idea. Could someone show us  some pizza love? We rarely get an opportunity to order pizza and the gesture would be really nice.
[REQUEST] My housemates and I all have no money and we've not eaten a proper meal in days.
Last night we cooked carrots and onions with some spices.  It was... ok. There are six of us living together. I am self employed, N is doing a masters degree in Electronic Engineering, J works building renewable energy devices and teaches kids how to do it, K works at a refugee forum, the other K works in a restaurant and J works with children with learning difficulties.  None of us make much money and I don't think anyone has paid their rent today either.
If anyone is kind enough to get us a couple of vegetarian (spicy) pizzas in Nottingham, England, that would be most appreciated.
Thank you in advance. x
[request][NC] 1 beer, no cats, no pizza
Hi I am new to reddit but my best friend told me to submit a request here because

a) I want pizza
b) I lost my debit card and have no cash
c) my boyfriend (who I moved across the state to live with and have done countless things for) just broke up with me and I only have 1 beer 
d) these are my [cat pants](http://i50.tinypic.com/jkyn3t.jpg)
[Request] Would love a pizza from EuroGyro in Kent in the next 8 minutes if possible?
I just found this subreddit and I'm super pumped. But the problem is the only pizza place in Kent, Ohio that I still know is open closes in 8, now 7 minutes. I didn't eat dinner tonight cause I was planning on ordering food after my last paycheck cleared at midnight, but for some reason it didn't go through and now I have no money to order food. This would be a great help, nay, a miracle if somehow this works out. Thanks a million.

Edit: Just found out Gyro doesn't close until 3! An extra hour on the clock, this would still be awesome!

Edit 2: Only 15 minutes left. I should have expected 2am to be subprime pizza wishing time. 

Edit 3: Oh well, I figured this was too good of an idea to actually work. Apparently one of the mods has taken it upon himself to personally cut off any potential pizza supply tonight for who knows what reason, and it's just about 3 so nooo Gyro. Sorry Random Acts of Pizza, I was so ready to pay it forward. 
[Request] Hungry Vail Valley seasonal worker could really use a pizza!
I'm working on a mountain in Vail Valley, CO this season, not getting paid very well, and am forced to live on a very tight budget (less than $10 a day). This is a very expensive place to live. I just got my first paycheck and all of it went to the person I am renting from. I am willing to do just about anything (legal) that is requested. I'm very hungry and hoping that someone can help me out! I promise to return the favor when I am able to! Thank you in advance!

[Request] Wife had to make emergency trip to her parents' house, I'm all alone. UT, USA
Hey, the title pretty much sums up the story. We're a little low on funds and a pizza for this forced bachelor would be very appreciated. 
Request: Father looking for help
Have my 2 boys with me until thursday, Im a on call building cleaner r here in florida, work has been very very slow. Wanted to see if there was anybody who can give a little help until thursday where im guaranteed work my sons will greatly appreciate it. 
[request] will I eat tomorrow?
I've had a very rough patch for the past 18 months. I could use any kind meal at this point. It's been nearly four days at this point since I've had anything aside from walmart canned fruit. I hate to ask for any kind of support, but at this point I'm dubious if I'll eat tomorrow. 
[Request] Hungry student will give interesting physics facts for pizza!
I'm a student and I'm a little low on cash for the next few days and would love a pizza right now. I promise to tell you at least one scientific fact about the physical world that makes you go "No! That's not true" even if it means I have to spend all night going through my stack of textbooks.

I spent all of my money doing [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/Favors/comments/j7s3u/offer_anyone_need_anything_from_the_uk/). I was reimbursed via paypal but I stupidly made a transfer to my bank account so that money is lost in limbo for the next 2-3 working days. 

I've just come across this subreddit and I will be buying at least one pizza next week for someone independent of the outcome of this request. What you guys do here is awesome!

[REQUEST] Woonsocket, RI. A pizza would help me cheer up.
I'm 18, just started a boring job full time. Money is not bad. But dirt broke being 18 with a car payment, insurance, rent, a girlfriend. and school. ugh haha. no worries tho, hope everyone enjoys their pizza!
[REQUEST] pizza would be greatly appreciated!
Just got out of the hospital after a really bad downhill biking crash. Didnt have a chance to go grocery shopping before the crash and now not able to sit to drive to grocery store. Would very much like a pizza so don't have to starve tonight. Will return the favour after pay day at the end of month. Located in Kelowna BC canada
Request - Denver Pizza, kinda stressed!
Sold most of my records to have enough money for bills and to travel to an event in NY to sponsor. Don't NEED a pizza, but would like one. Will take care of a fellow RAOP user next week! 
[Request] Fort Worth, TX
I am making this request because my wife and I just relocated from California to here. Do not get our first checks for another week and are negative in our bank accounts, I would love to surprise her with a hot meal tonight. 
[Request] Growling stomachs and an empty fridge (Northern California)
We are a cool group of three folks that are super hungry and unfortunately we are all out of food! One of us is getting food stamps in two days but in the meantime a delicious internet pizza would Rule!
[REQUEST] Friend in Brockport, NY is having a rough time.
I've never posted here before so I hope that I am doing this right. This request is actually for a friend, not for me. She recently broke up with her long-time boyfriend and moved back in with her parents. The ex-boyfriend is moving out of state. She is doing her best in college and has always been a good student but the stress is getting to her and she is starting to slip. I think that a pizza would help her out.

*
[Request] Missouri, USA
I just ran 7+ miles and would love a pizza, I have 0 dollars and am pretty hungry! (Everything I have takes hours to cook). Any size is fine! PM me for my address. Thank you in advance!
[REQUEST] hungry couple in Portland Oregon area. no $ til friday. feed us for dinner today?
hungry couple in greater portland oregon area. no SSD $ til friday. nearest place is pizza hut. we will pay it forward when we're able. God bless! 
[Request] Just got done moving and the cupboards are bare...
hey raop...i already rec'd the hookup earlier last week before moving.  i was hoping that someone out there could hook up another pizza tonight.  we moved all weekend, and are tapped out until snap benefits hit on the 9th.  after i a job i'll be glad to pay it back or pay it forward.  i need to feed myself, my girlfriend, and of course the two cats love scraps of ham off the pizza.

[REQUEST] Parents out of town, left me no food/money for food, could use reddits help. (Utica, NY)
Parents have been out of town for 5 days, left me meager supplies which i've gone through, and no money to get more food. So I could use some delicious pizza courtesy of reddit.  
[Request: Metropolis, IL] No hours at work would like something else to eat
I was working at a job where I was getting 25-40 hours a week when they suddenly knocked my hours down to 5-18. It took me five months to find this job and work is hard to come by around my area. Also, my girlfriend just got diagnosed cervical cancer so she cannot work. What little food I have left in my house is until my food stamps come in the first week of October. I have some paycheck stubs as proof, but I do not feel comfortable showing them around because of my personal information thats on there. Please help us not eat canned stew tonight again. 
[Request] I'm bored, make me do something outrageous for pizza.
I'm not malnourished or broke or anything, just bored. Throw out your offer and I'll see what I can do.
[request] Small pizza wanted for my little sister!
Hey guys, so my little sister is upset as her friend tired to commit suicide and is in a coma.. i want to get her a pizza but i'm poor as hell, anyone able to do that?

we live in the UK, surrey area!

thank you..
(Request) Tennessee! Would love a pizza. 
I finally got back on my feet and got a place to live. The only thing is, I would sort of love a pizza just for the hell of it! I have food, but I can't afford eating out. I'm just here hoping. Thanks for reading!
[Request] hey guys really down would love some pizza
Just down this last week, cant afford more then the basics and would love a couple pizzas to hold me over for a few days and cheer me up a bit! im located in the usa, and such if yall are willing to help me out.


Thankss!
[Request] UK - my date cancelled on me after I rearranged because my bestie cancelled our weekend - need comfort food
**Never mind, my friend bought me one because he is wonderful :)**
[REQUEST] College girls in San Marcos gearing up for finals. One is bedridden with an ear infection.
We are doing projects/writing papers/preparing for tests and ramen just isn't cutting it anymore. Could really use some pizza! :) 
REQUEST! Daughters and I are hungry, looking for help!
Hi everybody. First off, i know this is a new account, but i can provide proof of who I am and my situation. I have been a lurked for a while and even been to a meet-up! I have two little girls and live in an apartment with them. Times have been tough lately with bills and expenses. If somebody would be willing to help us out, we would greatly appreciate it. 
[Request] I'm a poor college kid with no money left after today. (Highland Heights, KY)
Just dropped $400 on textbooks, $202 on a parking pass, $350 for my half of the rent, and have a $95 electric bill to pay next week, and now my ex who just dumped me a month ago is bugging me about trying to get back together. Nothing would brighten up my day than a slice of pepperoni.
[REQUEST] Nevada. Having a shitty, lonely Easter. Can someone cheer me up? 
Closed:]
[REQUEST] Kingston, PA - I'm sick of rice.
It feels weird and kind of crappy to ask for help over the internet but I'm broke and tired of eating white rice. Its all I have for food until I get paid next Thursday. A pizza sounds delicious right about now.

I live alone and my summer job is winding down. I tried to save money knowing this transitional time between my summer/winter jobs was coming but its just one thing after another, leaving me where I am now - eating rice and nearly broke (if $1.50 in quarters counts as having money). This week and the next are probably the worst I'm going to have it. I just want something hot to eat that isn't rice.

Can provide pics of my kitchen as proof, even my paperwork for a food stamp application if it helps.

Happy holidays everyone

[REQUEST] Alabama USA A pizza would really make my day
I'm broke for the next week or so, and food reserves are dwindling. A pizza would really make my day. 
[REQUEST] FALLS CHURCH,VA-Single parent broke til next week please help!!
Help me RAOP and I will return the favor on payday!!!
[REQUEST] New Mexico area, parents out of town for day, didnt leave any money for food, just me and my little brother here.
Im not exactly bad off, just dont have any money for food, just me and my brother here, im 18 he is 13, ya know... growin men and stuff. any help would be great and ill pizza it forward when ever i get a chance!
[request] Less than a dollar in my bank account
I have nothing in my bank account and im hoping one of these really great givers can help me out. I just want something to eat for lunch, actually I could stretch a pizza for the whle week till I get paid thursday night. I will do any kind of verification you need, I'm just really hungry. THanks
[request] I'll turn your pizza into code
Hi RAOP,

I am a comp sci student and I live in salt lake city.I have a lot of homework this friday night and no free time. a pizza would really make my day - I have nothing to eat at my apartment and little room in my budget for something as delicious as a pizza. 

I can offer programming services to anybody who needs them in return!

[Request] A couple of poor Gamers Ankeny IA
Well were having a lan party but our pizza guy is out of town so can some one help some fellow gamers out?
[REQUEST]Just finished my last exam for Highschool!!!! Could use  a pizza :)
Hi guys i'm  new to this site.. so I guess i'm just supposed to tell my story... alright here it goes lol.. I am a single mother of two.. no sob story don't worry.. I just graduated High School i did it online at Pennfoster.edu I do have a job but unfortunately don't get paid until friday. I will pay someone back or give a pizza on Friday. I'm just so excited I finally graduated by the way i'm 20 and could really use a warm pizza until I go grocery shopping on Friday!! thanks for reading :) 
[Request] Put the 'Random' back in "Random_Acts_Of_Pizza'! Donate to two bored guys at work!
We don't have anything goin on tonight, but we DO have a lot of time to kill and some hungry tummy's!
[Request] [Toronto] Haven't been able to eat out in months
So I got pizza'd from this subreddit a couple months ago, maybe 3, not sure. Anyway, I haven't been able to eat out in a long ass time, still getting owned by all of my bills and having recently moved out

I thought I'd give this another go
[REQ]  Can anyone here please help me feed my husband?
Hi I know I am new here but I had to try and at least ask. I've been on reddit for only a couple days and I first asked on [/r/loans](/r/loans) for a small loan for gas money so I can start my new job but I am too new so there has been no offers. Well I think I lost my chance at this new job. I will find out tomarrow.  (I'm telling you all this so you know why I posted there for a loan and now here for pizza. We currently have $0.36 to our name. My husband asked for overtime at his job so he has to work 12 hrs tonight. I have no food to make him for lunch and he has to eat with working so many hours. If anyone can help I will pay back with interest plus I will buy another fellow member a pizza on 12/22(Thursday). I don't care about eating myself I just really would like to get my hubby something as starving and working a physically damanding job is torture. (he does metal finishing like chrome plating). So please if you can help me feed my hubby you would be my personal pizza angel:) I will be forever indebt to you!! If you can't I still would like to thank you for at least reading my post:)
[Request]Arizona, US. Hungry student. Ran out of food stamps for sharing food with unemployed friends/roomates.
Hello guys I am an arizona student attending college for the first time, I recently ran out of my food stamp support for the month for sharing with my unemployed friends/roommates while they get a job and won't have them again until next friday : ( 

I was wondering if anyone can make me a huge favor with a simple pizza to eat this evening?

Thank you very much for reading.
[Request / trade] I will eat pizza while in a hand-stand -- send an acrobat some food!
It's rainy season here and Seattle, and I haven't yet mustered to courage to go outside. Let me (and the dog) stay inside, in my leotard (and in her bear outfit), and eat dinner! I will photograph and submit several images of myself eating said pizza while in a handstand and/or various acrobatic acts. All, of course, in the name of proper digestion.

Thank you!  
[Request] I haven't had gluten in ages, so may I have a random pizza? Free cat-fact inside!



I have been dieting in order to test for a gluten intolerance, but it looks like wheat and barley doesn't phase me after all.

Recent studies have shown that cats can see blue and green. There is disagreement as to whether they can see red.
[request] USA, burnt out on noodles

Request ( Tampa Florida)
Short on cash this summer, currently taking summer B classes at Usf I'm a out of town student low on funds and a friend told me that site helps. Not looking for much just something to hold me over through to the weekend..Thanks 
[Request] Iowa USA - IAmA poor college student spending all my free time working on a startup, would love to have some pizza tonight to relax and take my mind off programming.
***EDITED***

Edit: My friend offered to buy me pizza. Hopefully another time, RAoP'ers!

~~I'm a student at the University of Northern Iowa and I'm working on a web application that I think will be massively useful and hopefully nicely profitable for me Some Day(tm). But until it makes me money, I'm basically broke.~~

Looking forward to the day I can give back a random act of pizza,

Aaron
[REQUEST] Yeah...life's expensive right now
Hey I posted in another post but haven't heard anything, so here it goes.  Here's my story; I am a 21 year old starving college student who currently doesn't have enough money to eat.  I had to pay double rent this month as well as the next and to top it all off, got a urinating in public ticket on my 21 run! FML to the fullest.

I'm a new user because I was just introduced to this community this week. My friend then helped me set up an account when she heard I haven't eaten anything but hot pockets this past 2 weeks.

Would really appreciate a pizza for a change. Thanks for reading!
This is a weird request...
Anybody in the Belmont/Rockford, Michigan area able to send a pizza to an employee of mine? We have been really slow at work and he's a technician of ours and works as a contractor. We haven't been able to give him any jobs because we've been so miserably slow so we can't afford to pay him. His son's birthday was yesterday and he was going to get his son from his ex-wife today and hang out with him for the day. We were supposed to be able to pay him today but the funds didn't come through from DISH Network (we install DISH) and we won't have money for him until Tuesday. Was wondering if anyone would want to send a pizza his way? Just thought I'd try.
[REQUEST] Kelso, WA We could use a pie. It's been a rough week.
She is very pregnant and our son is sick with an earache.   It's hot, everyone is tired,  we would go crazy for a pizza. 

Cambridge MA [REQUEST] This Friday, I will be a year clean from heroin. My friends and I are dirty broke and want to celebrate :)
Hey Pizza People! First of all I just want to thank you guys for being so awesome and making this subreddit possible. Once I have money, I plan to be a random-pizza-giver :3

So backstory. Last year (I was 18), I was sexually assaulted by a stranger not too far from Harvard Square. It resulted in some severe PTSD: I couldn't sleep or eat. I was hardly able to function or focus enough to even engage in casual conversation. I couldn't stand to exist in my own mind any longer so I tried to fix it by drinking, which only made me feel sick and more depressed. I tried smoking weed (I'd smoked often before and it seemed to help then) but now the weed gave me flashbacks to the assault and made it so much worse. I was getting desperate. I don't know how the idea got into my head, but one morning I was getting dressed and I just made the decision. It was this voice of deliberate recklessness that announced, "Today I'm going to try heroin."

It was alarmingly easy to get my hands on it. It was cheap and it was everything I needed. I knew it was stupid, but I didn't care. I had nothing left to lose - and why stop when it works?

Well eventually I ended up in a psych hospital for the PTSD and heroin addiction. I got help, I got my shit together, and I'm going to college.

So yeah. That's my story. This is me [before and after](http://imgur.com/blBMtWH) getting my shit together.

Thanks for reading this, if you did :) otherwise,

**TL;DR: Bad guy, PTSD, heroin, recovery, can I have pizza now please?**
[Request] I'm sick of Beans and Rice.
I'm just a poor college kid begging for hand-outs.  I've been out of a job for a month and a half and haven't had much luck yet (not for lack of trying or interviews).  To qualify for food stamps (which I was using) you must work 20 hrs. a week if you're in school, at least, so I didn't get that this month and I'm broke.  I would love something greasy and cheesy (and mushroomy?) that is not canned black beans and white rice.

I can offer silly drawings in paint, help build something in Minecraft, perhaps even your own song if you can wait a week... make that two weeks (I'm kinda sick and don't really have a singing voice right now)....

Anyway, I also need a tablet, but pretend it's a really good drawing of me and comparably pathetic to a sad puppy: http://i.imgur.com/7EqsN.png

Edit: I live in central Wisconsin, US.
[REQUEST] Robotics team in need of pizza
We came to Anaheim for the Vex 2013 World robotics competition. Now we are back at the place we are staying and looking to eat some pizza.  Thanks in advance.  
[Request] North Carolina - Hungry Soldier
Facing financial issues and been scraping along for food haha. Pizza sounds awesome right about now. I'm airborne infantry with the 82nd. My hobby is art. So if you want a "screen saver" I'm your man hahahaha. The pizza places here in Fayetteville are open 24 hrs and accept credit over the phone ^^ feeeeeed me nom nom nom
[Request] Unemployed for 2 weeks before starting new job. Broke and hungry until first paycheck on Friday.
I was laid off a few weeks ago, but ndb as I found a new job. Neither paid a lot, but my savings was depleted over the last few weeks while working my new job. Now I am gainfully employed, but have no cash until I get paid on Friday. I could sure use some pizza love to fill my tummy until payday. 
Thanks for any help, fellow redditors. 

[REQUEST] Henderson, NV Been doing hard labor all day and came home to an empty fridge. A pizza would be awesome right about now.
Nothing more to really say, I have been clearing trees and brush for 6 hours and could really go for a pizza.
[Request] hanging out with some friends, in need of a pie
None of us have money for a pizza and we are no where near one of our houses to get any food. Somebody suggested trying to see if we can get anything.
[Request] Sick and Bad with Money in Pittsburgh
I'm currently getting over being sick for the entire weekend. It doesn't help that I managed to completely screw myself over money-wise. (It's a long story of a 20 year old failing at personal finance) I'm currently spending a summer doing research at a university in Pittsburgh, but need enough money to drive back home in a week. This basically leaves me with a $0 food budget :(

If anyone is willing to help, once I get back on my feet (in 2 weeks I'll be home and get another paycheck), I'll definitely pay it forward. 
[Request] Roommates left me alone for the week, kitchen is empty. Would really appreciate an assist.
Hey all,


I'm afraid I don't really have a story.  My roommates and I take turns buying groceries for the week.  This week is their week, but they are out of town seeing family.  The kitchen is very empty.  Obviously, they'll make it up to me upon their return, but until that time I am on my own.


Unfortunately, I don't get paid from my regular job until Friday (and those of you who might recognize my username know I generate no income from my YouTube/Twitch channels), and the truth is I just can't afford to go grocery shopping until then.  I am almost positive I can make what I have left stretch to Friday, but if anyone is feeling generous I would be most appreciative for any assistance.


Looking back, I guess that kind of is a story.  Sorry about that.


-Pounce
[request] Calgary AB Broke til payday and Pizza would be great before diggin through the pantry for randoms
Hey guys, a pizza would be awesome before i have to start diggin through the pantry/ freezer to make it to payday! thanks
[REQUEST] First paycheck on Friday, out of food for the kids. Please send us some us some love
Hi there, wonderful strangers.
We've been having a pretty rough time recently and are frighteningly low on food. The wife and I can live of off bread for another night, but I really need to get something substantial into my two girls (2 and 3 years old). I just started a new job at one of the million local call-centers and will be getting my first paycheck this Friday. 

I'm hoping someone will be willing to send us some pizza and I will pay it back and/or forward on friday. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7xXBcq8nto 

^This is my 3-year- showing off that she know's who you're gonna call.

Please help make some magic happen for my family.
[REQUEST] Århus, Denmark - because I'm tired of pasta.
Hey man. This subreddit is awesome! Might as well give it a try. Basically I'm out of money, and the only thing I have to eat for the rest of the months is pasta. Aye, I'll survive, but fuck it's boring.
[Request] Starving doodler. Will doodle you whatever you want. DYA (Draw You Anything)
Hello RAOP. I am in need of pizza for me and my pup. I have been out of work for a couple of weeks and I need a pizza to celebrate having been chosen for a PAID internship with a local marketing agency in Dallas. The program starts in a week. I can doodle anything here is [self-portrait](http://i.imgur.com/OWnlq.jpg?1) I can also do any name in graffiti. Thanks!
[Request] You want-a pizza me? (Las Vegas, NV)
Hi there. My fiance and I are down on our luck in Las Vegas (and no, not from gambling, lol). I was the only breadwinner, and I got laid off last week. My unemployment money hasn't kicked in yet, and things are getting quite tight. Our fridge is down to that one jar of relish that everybody seems to have, some Taco Bell hot sauce packets, and some jelly, so I was hoping someone would be kind enough to help us out with a hot meal. 

If there is a generous soul out there who sends us a pizza, I will certainly pay it forward once things turn around for us. Thanks so much for reading, I really appreciate it!
[REQUEST] Ohio. Broke college student, haven't gone grocery shopping yet this quarter, we're in week 8, and I'm hungry.

 (request) Family of three. i am disabled and my wife works and goes to school full time while i watch our 2 year old at home could use some Pie (NM)
I know i am a new user and am willing to show any proof needed to show im not a troll or scammer. would really help this little family out since we are down to just a couple of boxes of mac and cheese and my wife dosnt get paid untill the 7th. e-mail is camarocutt@hotmail.com
[Request]  I know there's lots of requests, but..
Hello everyone (anyone?), how are you guys?  I've never posted on here but I could really use some help.  I have basically no money right now thanks to rent being awful, but I will tomorrow thanks to pay day!  Honestly, I would have no problem just being kind of hungry today but I have to study for a midterm all day/night and my hunger is becoming very distracting :\  

Blah, I hate posting an annoyingly self pitying story like that but that's my situation and I could really use some help.  I was really hesitant to post this, because as a lurker I have no karma.  I only really upvote/downvote so if you want confirmation that I'm a hardcore reddit addict I can send you a screenshot of the liked tab on my profile!  

Well, that's that!  So thanks for helping, thanks for reading, thanks for being cool :P

edit: and oh god to explain my username, its an inside joke as that was my first AOL screenname!
[REQUEST] At home drinking a beer in Buffalo, NY with no pizza :(
I'm at home, in between work earlier and work later, drinking some beer, and have no pizza to go with it. I am very sad. I read the sidebar, too, but I don't know if I am doing the steps right because there are a lot of words over there. 

When I get home from work later, I'll probably buy a pizza for a nice hungry person though. Pizza for me now, pizza for you later.

Here is me with my beer:
http://i.imgur.com/A6n1k.jpg

Here is me without pizza:
http://i.imgur.com/vMOYJ.jpg
[Request] Long time reader of Reddit, just created an account, (ik im lazy, didnt realize it was so easy) but i had to because of RAOP, currently bumming off my g/f in berkeley
I am by no means starving, but i'm currently visiting my g/f in Berkeley (im from denver), and before i left, i lost my wallet (credit cards, debit cards, ID's, etc. luckily had my passport to get on the plane). But I ran outta cash and have no means of getting pizza (which happens to be my favorite food), and itd b real nice to get some pizza and not have to bum off her for one night. I will absolutely pay it forward when i get home and get sorted. If your are only able to give once though, plz help out someone more in need, im just a poor college student, but i only gotta take care of my self. Promise to take pics.

Be easy.
[Request] Studying in Athens, GA. Care to buy me some brain food?
Tomorrow is my first final of finals weeks and I'm already feeling more stressed than anyone should be. These are my last finals ever and I want to finish college on a good note. This semester has given me nothing but a headache. Anyone want to help out a stressed student? I'd be eternally grateful and forever in your debt.
[Request] Manila, Philippines. Just wanted to eat pizza.
Plus, I've never met any local redditors.
[Request] Kansas City, Mo- Pizza for hardworking parents
Hey reddit,

My husband and I have been kicked off of food stamps for a few days because of paperwork not going through. We're getting that fixed, but money is super tight, and my parents showed up today to help finish the tiling in my grandma's bathroom. The house (especally upstairs) has little to no air condition, and it's really hot. I was hoping to offer a pizza for them for dinner when the work is done?

They really should get to eat, and we don't have the money, or food in the house, to feed them. So if anyone wants to buy us a pizza or 2 to share, that would be fantastic. 

If you want proof of my parent's work, I can provide that. 

Thanks in advance.

Edit: Ok, grandma messed up and mom and dad left. Hubby and I wouldn't mind a pizza if someone wants to give one though. Just thought it'd be fair to update.
[REQUEST] Pizza for a United States Redditor
Sorry for the new account, but I never had a reason to make an account before this.

I have been surfing Reddit for quite a while.

I get paid every other Friday and won't get another paycheck until July 1st.

I don't have any money or food in the house and all the local places that help with food are closed until Monday. 

A pizza would really lift my spirits.

If anyone is willing to help me I would sincerely appreciate it.

Thank you!

[Request] Couple in college in between paychecks. (Longmont, Colorado)
My girlfriend and I moved out to Longmont, Colorado just under a month ago primarily for school and while my work transfered me (Starbucks), the lack of hours while moving in combination with other factors has left us with nothing but cornbread until Monday. My girlfriend has gone to the coffee shop to apply for scholarships in peace and I would love to be able to fill her tummy with surprise pizza upon her return. I promise to pay it forward.
[request] athens, ga high with friends, need a pizza
please i need a pizza! we are so hungry we would love you forever go dawgs
[REQUEST] Seattle, WA Haven't worked in longer than I'd like to admit, things aren't getting better, and I've been living on food pantry food for months.
I don't want to get into my whole sob story, let's just say times have been stressful and tough. Been having a hard time just keeping the utilities on.

I love the fact that food pantries exist, otherwise I'd have to be living off of government food programs, which I'd rather not use since there are much needier people, but after awhile canned foods and dried beans get really old really fast.

It would really make my month to have someone actually pay for a pizza for me. It seems unreal that someone would do this. Here's hoping.
[Request] Hungry, home alone, don't feel like cooking. 
Wabash, Indiana. Family is away so i'm sitting at home browsing Reddit and I get hungry. Pizza sounds glorious!
[Request] Student seeks saucy aid.
Hi everyone,

I've been scrounging around for money for awhile now that I'm taking an extra summer course load (something that will ultimately save me money in the long run). My friend, a fellow redditor, suggested that if I was ever hungry and needed help, there were people in a magic place that would get you a pizza. Well, I'm finishing up with a really long week of backstage work and if I could have a pizza when I got home later tonight, it would make me such a happy boy.

I didn't believe it, but here I am. I'm an avid fan of Star Trek, Archer, and theater to give you a little info about myself. 

Anyone willing to help will receive a long distance air-five and lots of appreciation from my empty belly. :D
[Request] Completely broke. Recently unemployed. Taking far too long to get a new job. Hinton, AB, Canada
Any help would rule.
[REQUEST] Elgin, IL Be cool and pizza me. Please?
I have a hunger only pizza can satisfy but I'm broke as a joke right now. You are AWESOME please help me out.. 
[REQUEST] Scotland. No sad story, just pretty hungry and i have no money for all teh pizzas.. 

(REQUEST) St. Louis Missouri. Unemployed and could use a slice
The Wednesday before Christmas I was fired from my job.  I previously worked for major corporations and moved to an independent computer repair company because I thought it would be a better opportunity.  After my first two weeks I noticed that some less than ethical and legal things were happening.  I saw the companies 40 + year old head tech go through a teenage girls picture file because he thought she was attractive and also the company wasn't following labor laws.  I raised a concerns because I could have been held liable for some of the issues that were happening.  A few days later I was fired, the reason was "You don't fit in with our company".  I'm looking for another job and until then repairing computers for friends, but a random act of pizza would defiantly help restore my faith in humanity.  I know my account is new, but I can easily give you proof that I am legit.  I suppose in the long run I may not have a job, but I do have my ethics.  
[Request] Shattered Pyrex kills giant meatloaf
My 17yo son has 4 friends over (since last night), and the wife, trying to keep the costs of feeding this many noisy LAN gamers/Magic players under control, builds a monster meat loaf in our 11x17 Pyrex pan for our Sunday meal.

Cold meat, cold pan, cold oven - safe right?  She assembles the load, puts it into the oven at 325.

10 minutes later, we hear a muffled wet crack in the kitchen - and she finds that we now have a hot mega-mess in our oven.

No way to filter glass out - shattering pyrex could launch chips into the meat - and no way to use the oven until all the chips and fragments and gibs are collected off the bottom - ugh...

I'm starting to think these Pyrex pans shouldn't be trusted once they pass 8 years old!

http://www.flickr.com/photos/87675548@N02/9440810218/in/set-72157634936382098

Thanks in advance, Redditors!
*Request* Rough day-Dad's in ER &amp; Mom's a mess
To say the least I have had a very long bad day. My Dad was sent to the ER today, and being the oldest kid I'm the one who is in charge of keeping the family together and calm. I'd like to help calm everyone down with some comfort food (like a pizza), but can't afford to do so. 

I know there are plenty of people who need a pizza on here way more than I do, so please help those in need first. I'd just like to give my mom a break and surprise her and my family with some pizza from a stranger. It would def lift our spirits.
(Request) Took a personal day, could really use a pizza. Forest Park GA.
I tried posting on here last night but it doesn't look like my post made it onto the site. Rather than write it all out again I'll sum it up as best I can.

My hubby of nearly ten years spent the money my mother gave us for food on beer and cigarettes, so since last night he's been booted out of the house by yours truly. Not sure when I'll let him back in but I intend to stay mad for quite a while. It got down into the 40's last night so I reckon he's definitely regretting his decision about now.

Thankfully he at least got food for the dog so that's one less thing to worry about, but I don't get paid until Monday and that money was supposed to help us make it to then. Right now my fridge is barren, all I have is half a jar of really old pickles.

I ended up taking the day off work today. I'm hungry, angry, upset, not really good for much of anything. I need something to eat, hopefully something that will last a day or two or three. Monday is quite a ways to go without something in my stomach.
[REQUEST] Finals week incoming. Broke college kid with less than ten cents to my name.
Hey Reddit. It's almost finals week and me and my roomate are studying hard. We've been living off of ramen for days now, and I would love to be able to get him something to eat that isn't salted noodles. If you could help we would appreciate it. 


[Request] Shameless request for Pizza. GG Request made it easy for you.
No lie filled story. I'm hungry. And would love a pizza. I have made it easy.

https://order.zonicordering.com/MzYyNDY%3d.whtml?str=mountain-mikes-pizza-el-dorado-hills
[REQUEST] South Portland, ME. College Student at school, need to eat something today. Please help
So I have never done this before, but i'm pretty desperate.  I am at school today with no money until tomorrow.  I have class in like 2 hours and i need to eat something.  I haven't had anything all day unfortunately.  there was nothing at my apartment to eat when I left for school either.  If there is anyone on here who can help, i will promise to return the favor to someone else in need.  thanks again for reading this, and hopefully helping me out. :)
[Request]Been travelling and eating canned food/ramen for months. Lemmegetapizza....
I'm making a pit-stop in Denver right now and am staying at a friend's house, so delivery pizza is a possibility for me for the first time in about 2 months. Also yesterday was my 24th birthday and all I ate was ramen and a pack of oatmeal. If you buy me pizza it will be obvious to everyone that you are cooler than a pack of peas :D.
[Request] south korea :/ haven't worked in 2 months. Grad student with 1 more semester left. Started new job but don't get paid until end of July. I'm hungry and when I get paid I will reciprocate to korea or any English speaking country.

[Request] Ran out of money and would love a pizza (Germany)
My girlfriend was over for a visit here in Germany for the last two weeks (left yesterday) and for some dumb reason spent a bit too much money and now can not afford food for today nor tomorrow untill I can get some cash back.

Would love to get a random pizza sometime this week and I can give back when I get back on my feet money wise
[Request] a super hungry UMass student-- the dining halls are closed!!
domino's is fine, really anything. just super hungry!! pretty please, and thank you so much. umass amherst, by the way. USA. Massachusetts. 
Request (Scotland, UK) - revision pizza to keep me going
In the middle of my final year university exams, got one left next Tuesday... I have no money to eat tonight and just have a pack of supernoodles, you'd be making my week! A pizza would make life seem slightly more bearable and get me to the weekend. 

I'd be eternally grateful and you can live with the knowledge you helped a man get his degree. :) 
[Request] Anything but Ramen and Mac!
STILL waiting for my unemployment check and my daughter has officially called a strike on ramen and (surprisingly) Mac and Cheese.  I have already had to get TP in unconventional ways today. All I would like is a pizza to help relax and put a smile on the little brats face for once this week. 

If anyone can throw one our way I would appreciate it. Once I get my check I will return the favor to this subreddit! (hopefully in the next century)

[Request] It's my bday and I have $1.12 in checking. 
Proof [Here] (http://imgur.com/JYsNU).

It's been a rough month honestly- I have my girlfriend in from out of town and literally have nothing but noodles to make for dinner (and as fantastic as garlic butter noodles go- they get old very VERY quickly). I'd love it if someone could get us a pizza- I don't have any cash coming in until late next week and it would be an excellent birthday present.

[Request] Late night drunk pizza desire in MN
I'm drunk(ish) and my boyfriend is also drunk(ish) and we're hungry, but we spent all of our money on xmas gifts for each other.  He bought me an iPod Touch!!!! He's awesome.  We're just broke now till next Friday.

Anyone able and willing would be greatly appreciated! ;)
[Request] Mugged and previously broke (Toronto)
My wallet, containing my last paycheck until i start up training at my new job, was stolen on my way to deposit the check. A replacement won't come until Friday (as i am now in a different city), and i am already in the red with the purchase of new semester books and rent.
[request] Looking for a fair pie in Seattle. Two dudes are nom-needy.
Just two guys near the Seattle Center needing a pie to get us through Tomb Raider II.
[Request] not for myself!
I would love to help out some friends who have helped me out, but it will be years before I have money to repay them.

It would be awesome if I could show my gratitude by having pizza sent to their house as a surprise.

It's 2 guys and a girl and they ain't picky.

Any love?
[Request] One pizza to get me through until payday... (Indianapolis)
Hi guys.  I feel embarrassed, but I'd like to humbly request some pizza assistance. I have -180 in my account until Friday, and it's all my fault. I paid rent twice this month by dropping off a check and then setting up bill pay online. I must have selected the wrong date, as March's rent was paid twice. 

I've been fortunate to have friends who have chipped in with gas money or smoke for the last week, but my buddy's wife is probably wondering why I'm over so many nights for dinner.

One pizza would be dinner tonight, as well as lunch and dinner tomorrow until I wake up Friday to glorious pay day. I promise to pay this good deed forward, and I'm sorry again to be asking. 
[Request] In Cincinnati, OH
In the Clifton area, unemployed for a month and half now, down to my last scraps. Anything would be much appreciated. Send PM for details. Thank You.
(REQUEST) Got paid yesterday, paid rent today, and have no money or groceries. I will pay it forward.
Basically, like the title says, I got paid yesterday, and after putting gas in the car and paying rent, I have $1 dollar to my name and no groceries. I start a new job Monday, with a big increase in pay, so I won't struggle like this anymore. When I get the first paycheck, I'll pay it forward to the person who helped me or to someone else on here. 

I'm in Southern Indiana. 

Thanks!
[Request] It has just been an exhausting week. Just fucking exhausting. No other way to say it.
Passing of my grandfather. 750 miles driven yesterday. 5 round trips to new york in 3 days from new haven, along with a rushed flight back from europe. Work... Lots of work... Exhaustion... 3 hours of sleep a night at most.. Anyways. Pizza is nice. Writing that out was pretty nice too. Finally have nothing to do. Anyways. If you are even reading this you are probably a pretty great person, so thanks.
[Request] No money, requiring food? [UK]
Looking for someone to be really kind and buy a pizza or some food, within UK, not really bothered to what, as haven't eaten properly for the last few weeks and anything would be very much appreciated.

Been left with very little money this month thanks to unknowing bills popping up, and my boyfriends mobile company giving him an expensive bill of £56 compared to his usual £25.. So I've had to lend money I didn't really have to help save his ass. 

I'd/We'd be really grateful to any offers of any kind of food. Since we haven't ate much of anything for the last few weeks.

So I will say thank you in advance of any extra kind Redditors!! :D
[Request] College student looking for a lift
Hey guys-

Welp, tonight I am dinnerless.  I work in video production under freelance contracts, and my client said he cannot pay me on time like he was supposed to.  Unfortunately, that means no dinner for me tonight.  Just wondering if anyone can help a first time pizza requester out.  If I do find a kind person around these parts, I will definitely be giving back the second I get paid, not to try to make that any leverage, but this seems like an amazing idea that I would love to support for the future.

I live in Lakewood, CO, so there are a fair amount of choices that are taunting me... ;)

Thanks for taking the time to read this...
~Slade
[request] college student here, unexpectedly blew the last of my savings fixing a belt issue with my car, which i need to get to work. a pizza to get me through the night would be amazing.
pretty much explained it all up there, gotta spend money to make money i suppose.
[request] two college boys working on final papers
hey guys! my friend and i are probably going to be up all night working on the final papers for our summer class and we'd love a study break.
we're both the first people in our families to go to college (our parents are all immigrants) and we're at an Ivy League university on very, very generous financial aid. help us out, school is hard. ease our pain with pizza!
[Request] Hungry coworker and I stuck on the job with nothing but Jolly Ranchers.
Hey all, my coworker and I are stuck in an empty office for the next four hours with nothing but hard candy and empty stomachs. We're getting close to payday but until then we're both broke as joke. Anyone want to help a couple of hungry Georgia Peaches?
[Request] I need food and work doesnt pay.
Hi,  I am a computer tech representative.  We all know how bad this job can be if you have ever done it.  I am in a place where I have no money and they have failed to pay me recently due to a problem with the system.  I need a pizza to cheer me up and be able to take these calls today.  Please reddit help a fellow techie out by giving me a pizza.

Thanks tech in need.

Edit: I live in Austin, Texas
[Request] Madison, WI roommate turns 21 today and would love a pizza to celebrate.

[Request] lost job, ate last peices of bread, it was my exes bread. Las vegas, pizza would smooth things over really nice. On top of this I lost my wallet. Help!
Times are tough. Any help appreciated.my ex really dislikes me atm. 
[Request] Could use a pizza in Southern Florida
Having issues with my back so having trouble standing for long periods and on vicodin for a slipped disc that is pressing on a nerve... havent had anything to eat and havent been able to make it to the store with my back and all these meds on an empty stomach is starting to not make me feel too well. Would greatly appreciate a pizza, cant afford one myself since I have no money, last of it spent on copays (have my disability hearing in feb). Sorry if my post if a bit random but kinda loppy at the moment.
[Request] Negative balance,last night in hotel, could really use a pizza.
Me and my girlfriend recently moved across the country. Turns out the job I had was a scam, and I never got paid. Tonight is our last night in the hotel room and we are beyond broke. We could really use a pizza while we try to figure out what is next for us. Staying in the Los Angeles area. 
[REQUEST] Paypal frozen due to $30,000 charity drive, can't buy pizza.
Ok so my name is Alex or Axeltoss, I am a starcraft 2 caster and am currently at MLG Orlando with Steven Bonnell, a popular starcraft 2 personality... (ROOTDestiny, QxGDestiny).


Steven did a charity drive a while back where he raised over $30,000 with a friend but as a result his paypal was frozen so he can't buy anything. Proof of that is here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fe2pI21GCic


I've spent a lot of my own money on both of us this weekend because of this fact, and I've been spending way too much. I was hoping someone out there could send us a pizza or two.
Here is proof of us existing:


http://www.twitch.tv/axeltoss/b/297568206


Thanks a lot for reading. Zipcode is 34746
[REQUEST] Bedridden For A Week Due To Insane Gout Attacks, No One Around, Can't Get Up To Cook
I've had the occasional gout attack but the ones this week have taken the cake. Have been bedridden and crawling around literally and had an attack in my other foot last night so unable to get around at all. If anyone suffers from guilt you know how hellish and depressing it is. Anyways just posting to see if any kind sympathetic soul would send a pizza over (easy on the meat ; )) since I can even get up and cook. I guess I could crawl to the door. Thanks.
[Request] Broke college student in Burlington, VT 
needs a pizza.
I've got about a dollar in my pocket and i haven't eaten today, but I'm getting money soon. So, I just need a meal to get by for tonight. Help would be truly appreciated.

Edit: I have a verification code too.
[REQUEST] Last night in my apartment before moving into my own place. Lack actual food. 
I'm going to the grocery store tomorrow, but as of now I have 4 slices of bread and some frostbitten ice cream. I also have not finished packing. I'm a terrible procrastinator. 
[Request] I would love a pizza to lift my spirits.
I went to the doc. today, and didn't get that great of news.  I'm kind of down, and would love to have a pizza to lift my spirits!  I don't get to eat out, and after a long day i'd love to not have to cook. thanks!
[Request] Lynchburg, VA Lost my job this week, and university dining halls are all closed, would really like a pizza.

[Request] I got laid off &amp; hating life right now
So I got laid off from my job 2 weeks ago and thought I would find something by now. I've had some interviews, but still waiting to hear from some places i've had very good interviews with. I'm totally broke. I think I might just have exactly $15 in my bank account. I'm hungry and ramen is killing me now. What money I had went to my cat's fancy food (One has a urinary problem thus both have to eat the same food because the one is a food lurker)  If anyone could help supply me with a couple days worth of any awesome pizza, me love you long time
[Request]  Family Starving so bad, please help if you can
Im a father of one son and I have a fiance, both living with me. Times have been so rough the past couple of months financially. I was collecting unemployment while i was actively searching for a new job and luckily was blessed last week with finding one. I just started work but unfortunately my unemployment didnt go on this month and I wont get a paycheck for a couple more weeks as they hold back for a week and pay bi-weekly. we are desperate for food, even tried going to a food bank but they they arent open til wednesday and we have nothing for me or my fiance or son to eat til then. I hate asking for assistance from others but Ive never been in this bind before and I'm really hoping someone out there could bless us with a pizza for dinner. It would be amazing, and I would be more than happy to pay it forward with my first check to another needy family facing the same difficulties as we are at the moment. Thank you all for reading my long post and bless you  .... We are located in KY btw
[REQUEST] Notified insurance will not be paying for hospital visit. *sigh*
I'm sure I can talk the hospital into making me only pay a fraction of the cost, but it's a bit of a downer as it still will wind up being at least a 1/10th of what I make a year.

Anyway, if someone is up for tossing me a bit of a pick me u I'm in Elkhart, IN and I'd be very appreciative. Otherwise, I have cans of soup and some saltines.

(Not sure if I have to post proof or something. I'll see if I can get my scanner to work in the mean time)

[Request] KC Area - Broke, hungry, and alone over the holiday weekend. Someone suggested this to me so I figured I'd give it a shot.
I'm fearful of being labeled a scammer or something after reading a lot of the other posts here, but I assure you this is genuine. My wife of 3 years left me and took our 11 month old daughter a few days ago. She didn't take too kindly to me finding out she was cheating on me. As bad as that is, she took our EBT card right before we were to go grocery shopping, leaving me heartbroken, alone, and without food with a week to go before my next paycheck. My stomach growling is honestly the least of my problems at this point, but I was told this would be a good place to try to get some dinner and solve at least one of my issues, or at least an open ear. I'm going to spend quite a bit of time on here today, as the sense of community throughout the entire site is quite impressive and will hopefully serve as a distraction to what I have going on. Thanks for reading, and I hope whatever deity you follow blesses you in every way possible.

[Request] Pizza!
Hi!, I'm from around the GTA in Ontario, Canada- I was recommended by a internet friend that I could maybe receive a pizza here..

My fridge broke down about a week plus ago ( I live in an apartment complex ) 
Anyways, I found this out much later than I should have.. and all my food spoiled.
It's near the end of the month, and I wasn't prepared to face this type of problem..
Only have a $1.46 in my bank account right now, and I'm trying to tide over with a can of beans and an expired bag of popcorn until the 1st of next month hits..

Anyways, thanks for reading my thing; and I hope you have a good day!
[Request]Tallahassee,Florida USA
No sob story or anything like that I'm just a dude with no cash and food for the day and would really appreciate someone giving him a pizza.
[Request] Vermont, would really appreciate a pizza for my daughter and myself. 
We have basic groceries (though not much) until I get paid at the end of the week, but it's going to be a long, busy week for both of us and I would really love to take her for pizza. We have a Pizza Hut sort of nearby. I know it would cheer me up immensely. Thanks for reading. 
[Request] Random Acts of Pizza Virgin... (Denton, TX)
I've never asked and I've never pizza'd. I would love a pizza for lunch...um, I have no sob story. I'm unemployed? Does that help?
[request] couple in PA with teething baby craving a pizza but too broke to justify buying one
We're having some financial issues, and we'd rather any extra money go towards the baby, but man, we are dying for a good pie. 
[REQUEST] [OFFER] Please and Thank You
This message is for everyone.  I hope you'll all take a moment to read it.

I just sat down to eat a bowl of noodles.  As I said my grace and waited for the food to cool down, I was overwhelmed by a million thoughts.  I just wanted to share them and maybe let someone know they're not alone.

Last week I "celebrated" one year of being unemployed.  Ironically it coincided with 6 months of being officially divorced, though the marriage was over long before that.  Today marks two weeks since I scrounged around the house to find every penny and spent them all to cover the bills.  For 2 weeks I've tried to get by without any money.  I've restricted my use of the car to only places I absolutely had to go.  I haven't been to the grocery store in God knows how long.  The first week wasn't awful.  I didn't have much in terms of food around the house, but it forced me to be creative.  This second week has been much less enjoyable.  Some cereal, some pasta, a little of this, and less of that.  You don't realize how long two weeks is until you find yourself counting down every day.  I am hoping to get some relief in terms of an unemployment check on Wednesday.  What I was told though is it could be delayed because I have to re-qualify after one year.  What a proud moment for me.  I've run into issues before, and it doesn't matter that it's not your fault, they usually can't get the money to you until the following Monday.  We'll see how that goes.  I've had Wednesday circled on the calendar in my head as this all magical day.  Realistically most of the money is already spoken for in upcoming bills, but I'll have a little bit of money for grocery shopping.  Right now, and I realize this is a gross combination, I'm craving a glass of milk, and a hamburger :)  

Anyway, the short story is that life sucks right now and I was kind of getting down.  Actually I was really in a bad place.  And as I said a blessing over the "meal", I realized that there are millions of people that would gladly step into my shoes.  That my life may seem rough right now, but that's more of a testament to how far I had risen, than to how far I've fallen.  

I just want to say thank you to all of you on here that are helping people.  It's an honorable calling.  And to all of you that truly need help, just know that it will get better.  I firmly believe that we will never be given more than we can handle, and we're never in it alone.  I know how sad and depressing life can be, but I also know how you don't have to look far to find someone who needs help more than ourselves.  

I guess I just wanted to say hang in there.  To everyone.  Keep fighting.  Don't give up.  If you're having a bad day, if you want to rant and rave or scream and cry, send me a message.  If you got that job interview you've been praying for, let me know.  I want to hear the bad.  I want to share in the good.  I have tried to weather the storm alone, and it doesn't work.  I don't need someone to carry me, but it sure is nice to have someone to lean on.

So as Tiny Tim say, "God bless us, everyone."

[Request] Might as well give it a shot
EDIT:  I live in Cleveland, Ohio

So, here's my story. I've been browsing reddit for quite awhile, not posting much, but constantly upvoting cool or funny stories. TIL that there's a subreddit for people to pay forward pizza. So, here we are. For the past two paychecks, I've been dead broke, paying bills. I still have to pay 300$ to my ex, 200$ to my credit card, 100$ this month for bills, and then yesterday i got four tickets, two in my moms name, and two in my aunts, for stuff I couldn't take care of at the beginning of the month. Grass, because I had no mower, and trash because people keep running over my trash cans. So I have no idea what im going to do about those yet. I'll probably have to end up paying them. As if that wasn't bad enough, it's my turn to cook for myself, and my two friends who are living with me trying to help me keep the place clean. For the past week they've been cooking delicious meals filled with juicy chicken and scrumptious ground beef. So... I would feel kind of bad just making ramen for them. So, two pizzas would go a long way. Fortunately, on this upcoming check, I have 5 hours of overtime pay, so I would be more than happy to push back the creditcard bill for a little while to return the favor. The deed doesn't need to be done for another 4-10 hours, I just figured that I would post it now so it could get some time to be noticed. Thanks in advance.

TL;DR. Got 99 problems, but paying back a nice favor ain't one. Or Have ridiculous bills to pay, city is fucking me over with four tickets for two offenses that I corrected weeks ago, and it's my turn to provide food, but all I have left to cook is ramen, and a dollar bill. Getting 5 hours overtime on payday, and can easily return the favor.


That text was copy pasta'd from r/randomactsofpizza, seeing as how I didn't know this was the real one.  More info:  One of my roommates figured out that I posted this, and he's fine with cooking until I get paid, but I would still like to give them a break on cooking for a day, or possibly two if I happen to get 2 pizzas.  Plus, I would really like to pay it forward.  So, it's RAOP's call.  :]  Pizza would be nice, but I suppose not 100% needed.  Once again, thanks in advance.
[Request] Just finished midterm hell week. Hungover off a lot of 151. Boston, MA. 
My roomate and I (two average college guys) just finished a crazy week of midterm exams and got rather drunk last night with a bottle of 151 and have the morning shits. Now we are broke/exhausted/hungover/starving and would seriously appreciate a pizza and you would be forever in our debt. 
[Request]Broke student, IRL Cake day, in Perth Scotland
I was just hit with an unknown council tax bill for £200 which wiped out my months wages. If anybody would be kind enough to get me one i will repay with one at the month.
[Request] officially evicted today, would love a pizza to cheer me up 
officially evicted today. have until tomorrow to pack up everything and leave. life sucks in general but a pizza would really cheer me up! Oh yeah i'm in canada.

have pics of eviction notice (sighs)
[Request] KY, USA. 10$ for food till the 7th, a pizza would really help.
(First time on RAOP so sorry if i messed up the format/rules)

I'm currently down on my luck due to my roommate moving out, and my cat getting really sick (She ended up having hyperthyroidism (Damn rare in cats, i won the sick cat lottery!)) [picture of the sick kitty](http://i.imgur.com/PPAW8.jpg). 

She's doing just fine right now thankfully. Though the medication is 58$/m (and thats if they are nice and drop the visit fee like they did last time which in of itself is 43$) until they get the dosage right then back down to 20~$/m (depending on dosage, probably be a bit more, i'm expecting 34$/m if the current dosage works)

I'm just wanting a pizza or two i can eat to raise my spirits (it's the even last finals week for my bachelors! Damn you Murphy's Law) and have something tasty eat while i try and de-stress and work on getting another job while

[REQUEST] Ontario-Parents have left me alone for the long weekend. Can anyone help me celebrate my final day of freedom with some pizza?
I'm hungry, spent what money I had and don't want to continue living off of ramen noodles, a pizza would be a blessing. 

Of course for my IRL karma I'll be pizza'ing it forward soon!
[REQUEST] USA MO
Really need a pizza been eating ramen. and the occasional kraft dinner.
[request] Massachusetts USA:  5th year anniversary Cancer Free, Pizza would compliment the natural high of the Doctor's news.
Ohhh that tense wait for blood test results, at first 6 months apart.  Brutal.  Even after being declared Cancer free, the nagging worry of a return just festers inside of you.  I finally made it to only having one test a year, and no more nightmarish CAT scans. Today was my first yearly result call. 

You expect anything but good new, because you prep yourself for worst thing he could possibly say.  You brace yourself in defense of it, for weeks after they draw the blood from your veins.  It builds and builds up until that call.  And then it comes.  That intolerable small talk when the Doctor first gets on the line.  It's a pleasant exchange, though the entire time, you're mind is screaming "SAY IT, SAY IT DAMN YOU, WHAT DID THE BLOOD LOOK LIKE!?  YOU SAVED MY LIFE BUT I WILL LOSE IT IF WE TALK ABOUT MY COLLEGE OR THE WEATHER FOR ANOTHER MOMENT!".    

"No changes, which is a good thing".

Deafening relief.

The world just somehow looks better after this call, it smells better, everything is vivid, clearer, more alive.  Please help me with a celebration meal worthy of this feeling.  My favorite pizza, I do not have the funds for it.  I can think of nothing else right now that I would enoy more than a simple Large Bacon Pineapple Pizza from Dominoes with BBQ sauce instead of marinara.  If it was a wild animal I would hunt it with my instincts and wits alone.  But alas.  If you see fit I thank you for any help you may give.
[Request] Houston TX. Just got done with my last final up at the university, and landed an internship for the summer! A pizza would be wayy too dope.

[Request], No one is home and I have no money (Mount Vernon, OH)
Nobody is home, I can't drive and I have no monies. I live around the apple valley area. I believe there is a domino's in the apple valley area as well. I would deeply appreciate anyone's generosity. :) 

Thanks!
[Request] New Hampshire U.S.A, my friend is in the hospital and is hungry for actual food
Hi, my friend has been in the hospital for over and month. She's been fed terrible hospital food. I want to treat her with pizza so she has something to look forward too. Can someone please donate $20 dollars so we can share a decent meal. Thank you
[Request] i just had a bad week. (almost) nothing would make me happier than to get some pizza right now..
Im in 9th grade and live in minnesota. Last week (dec 3-7) i had to stay up all night 3 days in a row to finish homework. I am fairly proud of myself for persevering through it and wanted to buy myself a pizza, but being a broke 15 year old, i can't...  

 
[REQUEST] Just ran out of food money and my long-time girlfriend dumped me... Could use a hand.
Hey RAoP, I made a new account as to not alert my redditing (now ex) girlfriend.. I have had just about the shittiest couple weeks and it all started with my beautiful girlfriend of almost three years leaving me and now I don't have anymore money for food until Monday.  I would love it if someone would help a guy who is down on his luck but not going to give up.  She has dreams and aspirations that she didn't think could be fulfilled by being with me so I will now assume the role of the best friend I can be and support/always cheer her on and I hope she does incredible things in this world.  As for me, it's time to re-assess.  Cheers, RAoP
[REQUEST] Break ups stink. Sad and lonely in Pennsylvania
EDIT! fireflygirlie hooked it up! Thanks so so so much!


My boyfriend and I just broke up a few days ago. I'll try to keep it short because it's complicated and dramatic, but I'm heart-broken. I did pretty well the first few days, but it's finally setting in and I'm at a loss. I never saw this happening and I don't know what to do with myself. I'm trying to cheer up by watching reruns of Arrested Development. Since I'm paying 100% of the bills (another dilemma I'm attempting to work out), I'm flat broke. If there's a kind soul out there that could feed me some cheesy love, that'd be great. 

I'm using a throwaway because I have some IRL friends that use Reddit and I'm a little embarrassed. Thank you for taking the time to read this.
[Request] Help out a broke working guy?
Just looking to get some pizza tonight. Have no cash, and no food right now. Completely flat broke until Friday, but I will pay forward as soon as I get paid. :) If there's anything else I can do, just let me know.
[REQUEST] South Carolina - Totalled my car and haven't been able to work.. 
I'm a pizza guy (I know, the irony..) and while I was at work last week someone pulled out in front of me and I t-boned them. We were both ok, but a few days later I found out she doesn't have insurance (She gave the officer a expired or fake card) and is apparently off the grid. Long story short, I haven't been able to work all week and I won't be getting any form of money until sometime next week. 

I can give proof of my situation if wanted, but I don't want to post the accident report for all to see. 
[Request] Anaheim, CA just paid my car insurance and payment and have my night class in six hours.
I dont have to much cash to go out and get something to eat and the fridge is bare since I dont go food shopping until tomorrow. If someone wants to help, you would have my love and gratitude. Thank you!
[Request]Canada, my dad got his dream job as a high school teacher and I have no money to congratulate him with his favorite food.
Like I said, he has been working towards this for quite awhile now, and after getting through by the skin of his teeth he is now a teacher in southern ontario. He has been working at the honda plant for quite a while but he couldn't quit because we always needed the money to get by. Now I'm moved away and wanted to congratulate him with his favorite food... pizza! :)
[Request] A hot meal would be awesome.(FL)
I guess my situation is pretty typical. I'm unemployed and in school and trying to make every cent last as long as possible. That means a diet of mac and cheese, sandwiches, ramen, and cereal. Prepared foods like pizza are luxuries that I haven't been able to afford in a very long time. It's eight bucks for one lunch at a Chinese restaurant, or eight bucks to buy bread and meat for sandwiches that week. So if anyone has a spare pizza lying around I'd be grateful for it.
[Request] Tulsa, OK Recently graduated, unemployed student.
So I just graduated 2 days ago, and I have paid rent, graduation fees and have even had to use every dime of my graduation money to get moved. Now I've come to the middle of the week, no money and extremely hungry. Help a guy out? Willing to offer graphic design/advertising consulting! Or a copy of Dota 2! 
[REQUEST] It's my birthday, I'm broke and I'm not doing anything to celebrate. (Michigan)
I can provide proof by way of drivers license picture and bank account screenshot by PM.  Using a throwaway because I go to meetups and I don't want people to go in my comment history and know me as the guy without money or friends.  
[Request] Haven't been paid in a couple of weeks
So I started working at a small law firm and I haven't been paid since I started at the beginning of January. I am running low on funds after traveling across Texas (Lubbock to Austin to College Station to Kingwood and back to Lubbock) for an interview and to support my brother's pregnant girlfriend after she received some scary news. Would love to have a pie when I get home tonight. I promise to pay it forward when I can.
[Request] Nothing in the fridge :(
My gf and I had a little bit of a crisis lately (car accident) which used up all of our money. We get paid tomorrow, but we've barely been eating this past week. We would love a hot pizza to tide us over! :)

Location: Virginia, USA (thanks Tarable!)
[Request] just hungry in Texas.
I'm hungry and I'm really not feeling the whole cooking thing while trying to wrestle two kids. My husband is unemployed right now, but as soon as he starts working, I'll pay the pizza forward!
[Request] Put on bedrest, hungry for dinner (central IL)
I'm 34 weeks pregnant, and just got put on bedrest.  Because we weren't anticipating this, I have no meals prepared.  My husband is at work, so if someone could hook me up with some pizza, I would really appreciate it!  We'll definitely give back to the RAOP crew within the next week.  I'm just looking for some nourishment tonight.
[REQUEST] Not me but a friend of mine in is broke sick and hungry. I'd help him out myself but I'm just as broke. 
I'm home for the break, he's posting of Facebook of how he doesn't have any food. He's literally the coolest dude. I really want to help him out. 

EDIT: Forgot a comma in the tittle. 
[Request] Mother of two and struggling with the many needs of my children. A pizza would help me and the kids in more ways than one.
Been going through a difficult time financially and don't get my paycheck until Friday. I would be glad to back it back or forward this weekend. I know this is a long shot but me and the kids could use a mood lift. A dinner of dry cereal makes no one a happy camper in this house LOL. Anyway thank you for taking the time to read. Hopefully this works.
[REQUEST] Today is my fiance and I's 4 year anniversary and we can't afford to celebrate...
Normally we go out to eat but with my schooling taking up all my time/money and my fiance having recently lost his job, that's just not an option this year.  We have been struggling for a while now - you pretty much have to know someone to get a job in this tiny town (middle of nowhere Missouri).  We are living with my fiance's mom, stepdad, grandma, and sister and funds are always very limited; pizza is a huge commodity. 














If someone could please help brighten up our anniversary we would be so incredibly thankful and promise to pay it forward when we're back on our feet.  I would keep it a secret from my fiance until it's ready, try to make it as fun as possible, ya know?  : )












[Here we are a year ago today!](http://imgur.com/hp7Jb)






------------------------------






[REQUEST] 3 hungry boys in surrey 
myself and 2 of my friends are planning to do an allnighter but we have no food 2 snack on and was wondering if anyone could help us out 
thanks :)

we are in surrey
i am kinda new 2 this so i dont know what to do
(Request)(Hardinsburg KY)Pregnant mother of one ready to give up.
I am not sure about sites like these but my neighbor told me about this website so I figured I would give it a try. I am a single pregnant mother of 1 child will be 2 when this one is born. A couple of weeks ago my husband decided he wanted to be with his ex so he left and went back to  her and left us alone. He has not paid one cent in child support since he left. I had quit working so I could go back to school in March so I do not have a job which makes it hard on me. I am looking for a job everyday but no luck yet. I would love to have one night where I do not have to worry about what to feed my son and myself. If someone can help me with pizza I would appreciate it very much. We only have a pizza hut here and I do not have a car so I can not go pick it up it will have to be delivered so I know you have to have a 12.00 order to get delivery. Thank you to anyone who can help me.
[Request] Out of Money and Paycheck Doesn't Arrive Until Tomorrow =/
Moving has sapped my bank accounts. I'm not starving or anything, but I've been eating nothing but peanut butter and jelly sandwhiches since Monday, and that's getting pretty old. 

Is there a stranger that can help me eat something different tonight?

My paycheck doesn't get deposited until tomorrow, at which point I will certainly pay it forward. 

Also, I am new to this subreddit. I think I understand how it all works, but bear with me. I am happy to provide verification/etc.
[Request] Feeling down, no ride, no food (for now!)
Howdy everyone! You doin' alright? 

This is my first post, and I'm not sure if I'm doin' this right (oh please correct me if I'm doing it wrong!) but here goes, here's why I wish I had a pizza right now (prepare for dramalama): 

**The worst:** I just had to tell this girl, the sweetest, funnest, cutest one you could ever imagine, that I didn't feel the same way about her that she did about me. Yes, I would sing her praises yet don't reciprocate, why? I've known her since we were kids, and since we've grown up, I absolutely can't see her as anything more than a little sister. She's never been quite lucky in love, and every fiber of my being knows she deserves more than a "no" from anyone, yet I can't be the one to do it -- I would be lying to myself and to her. Uggghhh, seeing her in this state, and knowing I caused it, is really taking it's toll on me. I've been dreaming about her, and even in my dreams I can't feel the same way, making me wake up only an hour or two into my sleep and unable to go back to sleep due to feeling so miserable. 

**The kind-of okay:** Aside from that, I simply don't have any food in the house right now, and my only ride out of this mountainous region isn't coming until (hopefully?) tomorrow, so that I may go get groceries. 

So, not having pizza in a long-ass time, I feel like one would definitely bring an umbrella to this raincloud party, as well as tie me over until my friend gets back up here. What say you, friend?
[Request] Pizza for a NJ guy, please?
So the other day, a pack of flaming rabid monkeys entered my house and asked politely for a sandwich. They were too adorable, setting my house on fire and all, so I gave them a turkey sandwich. Right at that moment, my bank waddled in the door in a penguin costume and yelled, "Stop right there! You're now in debt one turkey sandwich!" I cried and cried; I was completely out of turkey sandwiches. I asked him if there was anything else I could do, and he said I could give him a pizza. So please, someone help me out here.

Also, to those who are thinking 'what an idiot', [check this out.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/comments/j7naj/just_something_id_like_to_get_off_my_chest/)
[Request] Down to 3$ in my checking and 0$ in my food stamps card, trying to get by for two days. CA
I have a job interview today, but I won't have any money until Sunday or Monday. Any kind of pizza would be nice, I could definitely make that last me two or three days. I can pm proof of my balance for both cards if needed.
[REQUEST] High school student doing homework. I could really go for some pizza.  No cash though.
I'll be honest, I'm not going to starve without it. However, I'm trying to power through and get a bunch of A.P. homework done and could really go for some pizza.

Location: Southern Oregon.  

Papa John's is the only one that will deliver.  I don't have enough gas to go pick one up.

EDIT: No longer needed. 
[request] reddit, please help feed me and my roommate.
just got the pizza! thank you soo much to oOBlackRabbitOo!!!
[Request] In NC, having a pretty crappy week....a pizza would cheer me up 
1. I might get evicted because my place of employment cut back on my hours. 

2. I found out that there is a good chance that I'm not going to celebrate Christmas with my family this year (after not celebrating Thanksgiving with them as well)

3. I'm super broke

4. I made a fool out of myself trying to impress a girl I really like.

Pizza sure does sound nice for lunch.....please help a guy out....:(
[REQUEST] Washington, DC: Only thing I've eaten in the past two days was the free Slurpee at 7-11 today, 89¢ to my name until I get paid tomorrow.
I work a manual labor job, and I'm so hungry right now.  This is my first time doing this, so if someone is willing to help me out, then I guess I'm supposed to do whatever you want, like show you a screenshot of my bank account balance or take a picture of a blue Dodge Neon or something.  All of you are the people that make RAOP go, so I leave it up to you, in good faith, to make me dance on whatever level is necessary.

I also give my word that after being paid tomorrow, I'll gladly help someone else out tomorrow night.
[Reqest] 559 Birthday Pizza? Help a broke guy out?
Hey r/randomactsofpizza, its my birthday, and all i have is cold turkey that probably is bad. Please only consider this if you do noy have to go out of your way moneywise. Thank you for even reading this, and happy holidays!
Edit:For clarification, 559 is central california. Agriculture everywhere.
[Request] Pizza for hardworking entrepreneur?
So here's the scoop  I have a few ingredients from which I might be able to pull together a meal. However, I am working on deadline right now trying to get a business off the ground. I'm hungry as hell but I don't have time to get creative in the kitchen, I'll be working til after midnight at least as it is.

Pizza delivery would solve my time and hunger issues however I won't have any money until tomorrow night (11/27).

Anyone care to spot me a pizza? I can pay it forward (or back) in about a week if you wish. (Possibly as long as 2 weeks, but probably not that long)

I'm a longtime redditor, this is my regular Reddit account, I have a spankin' new verification code, and I have a record of repayment over at r/assistance though I only asked there once.

If you spot me a pizza, I'll sing a song for you and post a link to the mp3! (After deadline which means, tomorrow night)
[Request] Studying for finals, no time to go get food
Im studying for my last batch of finals before applying to college in the fall (transfer student, community college path). very hungry but being broke and having no calc textbook I'm really pressed for time :(
[Request] - So interested to see if this actually works.
I'm new to Reddit, but I love all the different things that go on here. I am requesting just a small or whatever is cheapest pepperoni, and I will send you one back in return tomorrow. I'm not exactly sure how this all works, I've read the sidebar but let me know what else I need to do.

And also, if this does go how I'm thinking, I will certainly become a regular contributor. 
[Request] 2 teenagers, hungry, willing to do about anything (SFW) For One (1) Free pizza!!
Just a couple of hungry teens (16) willing to do just about anything for one free pizza!
[REQUEST] Home Alone
Wife and newborn are out of town for the night at relatives and I'm home alone. I have some tuna of hers here I could honestly make but I'd rather have a pizza. 

Thanks for taking a look :)
[Request] Pennsylvania, would like to celebrate new job with a pizza.
I've been underemployed for a few months now, and just barely making it. Today I got a full time job offer, and I'm really excited! Would love to celebrate this with a pizza!
[Request] Trade Paypal money for pizza giftcard [US]
I'm looking to trade 15$ from my paypal account for a pizza hut giftcard. I'm flat broke and extremely hungry and I got some money in my paypal but unfortunately it would take a couple days to transfer to my bank account. I will send first but please be reputable/flair because I would hate to get scammed.
[REQUEST] Atlanta, GA - Paid my rent with my last paycheck, have a stockpile of Ramen for this purpose but would love a pizza for tonight.
I don't really have a sob story or anything. I paid my rent last weekend and have $7 left - I'm normally more prepared money-wise for The Post-Rent Week (TM), but wasn't so lucky this time. I planned for this by stocking up on Ramen and canned soup, but I had food poisoning over the weekend so I'd really love a real meal instead that I can likely spread out over 2-3 days. Cleaning a friend's apartment tomorrow night for cash so that'll get me through the rest of the week for gas and stuff.

Basic info, if it matters (first time requesting): 23, non-student, work full-time, live alone w/ 3 cats, obsessed with Harry Potter and mancala.
(Request) Veteran family in need of a meal....
I am requesting a RAOP for this family that I have been working with, who are in need of at least 1 different meal this month!  This is a family with a disabled veteran whose case is in an appeal status and isn't due to receive a decision within the next year.  They are a family of 5 surviving as best they can.  They refuse to ask for extra because they don't won't to seem greedy or feel that they are being a burden.

I would really like to do something kind for this family, being as though I am a disabled veteran myself, I can't personally give them anything because I don't have it to give, but my organization has donated food items to them.  I really WISH someone could find it in their hearts to gift this family some pizza!  

thanks in advance....
[REQUEST] Last meal before home (Lubbock area)
I tried everything before coming here, and I still feel bad for doing this, but I came here to beg for food. I'm a (forgive the cliché) poor college student. Every food service location on campus is closed (and even so, I only have $3 left for food), and I have no money in my bank account. I really just need something to eat before I head home in the morning. I can't really offer anything, but what I can do is promise to pay it forward.

**TL;DR:** I really just need one more meal before tomorrow.  I'll certainly pay it forward ASAP.

Thank you for your generosity!
[Request] Working mother in need of a little help
I just got dropped off from work and don't have a ride to the store until this weekend. I have some money left on my food card but the store is more than 5 miles away and I don't have anyone to look after the kids this late in the day. If someone could help me and the kids out it would mean the world to me and help get is to the weekend.
[Request] My job in Georgia cut my pay and my wife can no longer breastfeed.  
Admittedly, I was doing pretty well.  I was not having any financial problems and I was able to save some money.  Then my job cut my pay rate.  Suddenly I was struggling to pay the bills, but I managed. 

Last week my wife went from being able to breast feed our son to completely dried up.  Now we have the added expense of lactose intolerant formula (he can't drink milk based stuff; it makes him sick) and a reduced income.  Faced with the decision of eating or feeding our son, we opted for the formula.

Unfortunately, I will not receive my paycheck until Saturday. We have enough formula for our son, but we've literally run out of food for ourselves.  Two days without food is not a lot -- and we could manage without -- but I would love to greet my wife with pizza tomorrow.
[Request] College student hoping to get pizza on 4/22/2012 at around 6pm
I'm running out of money, so is my girlfriend, lots of stress over whether she'll be forced to drop out of college or not over parents unpaid taxes. Feels bad, man. I'm also running out of card swipes for dining hall food, and won't have enough to eat throughout finals. Pizza would be appreciated, and we'll send you an artsy photo of a building on campus. I also give the solemn promise to donate back to the community by buying someone pizza with my first summer paycheck.
EDIT: Feeling like an idiot: Greeley, Colorado.
Request-south Florida USA-moving back to Maryland to take care of parents 
I packed up my entire apartment today and only have enough money to make it to maryland(I hope) I have less then $100 to my name
[REQUEST] Ireland, Got a serious craving right now.
I thought for a while to post up something about being stood up on Valentine's to guilt someone into pizza, but I didn't want to be an asshole so I'll just be honest, I would really appreciate a pizza right now and I'm pretty damn broke myself
[Request, WA] It's my saturday, but two days away from payday, I'd love a pie to stretch for a couple meals!

[REQUEST] Student - job went through the crapper
[EDIT] I live in Mesa, AZ 85201 &lt;- thanks to [alliOops](http://www.reddit.com/user/alliOops) for the heads up!

I know there are guys worse off than me, so for what I have I am grateful. I have food, just haven't had pizza in too damn long...

So, here's where I'm at:
I got fired because my boss found out I disproved of his business ethics, and then denied my unemployment. I have $3 to my name, and if I had $5 I'd get a Little Ceaser's pizza.

I don't care if it's just cheese or what - I'm not picky. Would just love some pizza right about now. I could go on about more crap-stuff in my life, but I don't like thinking about it.
[Request]Spokane, WA I only get paid once a month which is next Friday and moving costs have eaten up my bank account. Pizza would last four meals for me.
This is kind of embarrassing for me...
I can pay it forward the weekend of the 29th.
[Request] Hoping for some pizza for myself and my fiancee
Before I start, allow me to say that I do realize that I am new here. I am not someone who is out to score a free meal, I am honestly looking for some help right now.

OK so here is my story. I apologize in advance for the giant wall-of-text.

A couple of months ago our ceiling caved in, due to excessive rain and the landlord's refusal to fix the leak. We had been telling him for months that it was not fixed and it was still leaking, but he didn't care.

So the night that the ceiling caved in, I called the landlord and I told him politely, "hey, your ceiling just fell in on us"

His exact words, were "I don't really give a damn, I don't care about anything since you said you don't owe me any money"

Now this is funny, because for years this landlord would come around EVERY YEAR at tax time, and insist we owed him some insane amount of money. We had just been agreeing in the past, because it was possible we might have missed some payments here or there.

But this time was different. He claimed we owed him 3,400 dollars for 8 months of rent that we supposedly never paid him. So I tell him, give me the dates that you think we didn't pay, and I will run them against my receipts and see what's going on.

Well, when I finally get the dates, I cross-reference them to my receipts. And it turned out that we had actually OVER-PAID the landlord by 750 dollars - plus we had all the paperwork to prove it.

So I try to explain the situation with the guy, and he refuses to listen. So he files an eviction.

We go to court with photographs of the ceiling caved in that he refused to fix, the stack of receipts, his dates that he claimed we never paid - EVERYTHING.

Well the judge's exact words were "I'm not too good with numbers, so we aren't going to get in to your stack of receipts"

The landlord also claimed that he never got the money orders, so I contacted Western Union, and I had them send me the front AND backs of them to show who they were made out to, and who signed and cashed them. Even after seeing these, he STILL claimed in front of the judge that he never got them - But they were clearly signed by him!!!

So the judge gave us 72 hours to get our shit and get out, when we were legally paid up for another 2 months........

So I had to spend 200 dollars on a storage unit, and we packed our entire lives into it. At this point, we are literally homeless. So I get a hotel room for myself, my fiancee, and our chocolate lab for the next week, just to have somewhere to sleep at night.

So that's another 200 dollars gone when we were actually paid up on the apartment and were wrongfully evicted.

After about 4 days in the hotel, we came in contact with the lady we are renting from now - she had a house available, this house - But it's 500 dollars/month for rent, plus utility costs...

Either way, we can't live out of a hotel at 200 dollars per week. So we agree and move in.

The house doesn't have a refrigerator, it doesn't have a washer/dryer. So we lived out of a cooler for the first month that we got here, until we were able to buy a cheap 75 dollar refrigerator.

This story just keeps going on &amp; on &amp; on.. I honestly couldn't type this whole thing out unless I wrote for a month.. This whole situation has just been insane.

Bottom line, I hate to ask for help. Especially like this.. 

But I do have photos of the entire process. From moving our things into storage to us living out of the hotel room, all the way up until we found this house, to today's rent payment.. I have the photos.. I have the receipts, I have everything...

So, the reason I am asking today is because we just spent our last 500 dollars that we had in the bank on the rent for the next month.

Neither of us gets paid for another 2 weeks.

If anyone can afford like 20 dollars or something so I could surprise her when she gets home from work with a pizza, some cheese sticks and a 2 liter of pepsi, that would be awesome. 

As far as proof goes, I can provide a scanned copy of the money order for the rent that I just sent out today, it was our last drop of money. (After we were evicted illegally, I now scan the front of the money order before sending them to prove who they were made out to if any disputes should ever come up.)

I would of course blank the recipient's name out, along with the address. But I would highlight the date it was purchased (today) so you can see that I'm not just making up some sob story. I couldn't make this shit up if I tried...

So anyway, again I apologize for the huge wall of text. If someone can help us, I deeply appreciate it and thank you in advance. If not, well at least I tried. It's better to try and fail, than not try and wonder what may have happened.

[Request]I'm pretty hungry and have a few days left to hold out.
With Boston and all I'm pretty much on the bottom of the food chain but I'm at the point where I'm returning bottles to make Bus fare to get to work. Working while starving is killing my performance to point people are noticing and the spiral downward is starting. I'd have pawned the machine I'm typing on if could have found a shop that would take it. I'm getting paid soon and I'll be sending out pizza as soon as I can. I'm in upstate NY.
[REQUEST] Poor, LA college students with no money until Friday need a little pizza love to get them through the week.
All of our small money went to textbooks and rent. All we ask is a small pizza advance and we'd gladly give back on Friday. $10 could go a long way for us!
[Request] Broke, Moving, Need Energy
I am currently in the process of a move and have exhausted all of my funds in terms of truck, movers, etc.  I need my energy for tomorrow, and the rice I have isn't going to cut it (plus, my pots and pans are packed!).  I should be fine financially in a couple (2-3) weeks once my pay check kicks in, and I will pay it forward, as that's the right thing to do.  Can anyone PM me a gift card for $15-20?  
[Request] Broke college student spending Thanksgiving all alone. Would really appreciate something to eat other than mac&amp;cheese.
So I'm a broke college student (big surprise!) who couldn't go home for Thanksgiving. All my housemates went home, and all my friends went home as well/had other plans, so it looks like I'm spending the next 4 days alone. I would really appreciate not having to eat mac&amp;cheese for the umpteenth time, especially on this day.
[Request] Durham NH broke call center employee working late shift, downtrodden and quite hungry. Help please?
I've been working since 5 without a meal since 9:30am and that entails being hung up on because I'm a college student trying to fill out surveys and that means I have to interrupt people at dinner time. If anyone wants to help me feed myself while I try not get too bothered by people hating me, I would love you forever and be permanently indebted.
[REQUEST]Blah... in NS, Canada
http://oi42.tinypic.com/1ht284.jpg
Hungry! Thats pretty much it. 
[Request] Being kicked out on Halloween and have no money for food nor any food in the apartment.
My boyfriend, roommate, and I moved into an apartment getting away from our old lives hoping to start a new.  My boyfriend has a felony but the apartment manager was willing to overlook that and let us move in.  Now because another resident found out what he has a felony for and reported it to the corporate office we now have to be out on the 31st.  We've been here less than a month.  With bills getting in the way we have no money for food.  I made the last of our food last night.  I know it is not much but but I have read some of the amazing posts of people finding the kindness in their hearts to give.  When we are forced to move we may not even have a place to go but that's really not the point of this is it?  Anyway I know a pizza won't feed us until the end of the month however it will help.  Any help at all is much appreciated thank you for taking the time to read this!

[Request] Roommate just left me high and dry. Zero money, having had to pay his rent after my own. Starving.
This is a final option for me as far as getting food goes.

Any help is appreciated.

Please &amp; thank you in advance.
[Request] borderlands two ate my money
As we all well know, borderlands 2 just came out, and the sneaky little bastard ate my money. I'd really appreciate a random act of pizza! I'd happily return the favor in October!
[Request][US] Not enough money for pizza
I've been wanting a pizza for a while but all my money has been going into gas to get to and from school. I only have 6 dollars in my wallet and would greatly appreciate a pizza.
I'm in mississippi if it matters.
[ReQuest] Lost my job, moved in with parents, have to buy my own food. HELP
Worked in a cabinet shop, no work, laid off, need something other that beans , hot dogs and bologna!!!!!!!
requesting some pizza for tonight!!
Hey everyone, i was referred to this site by a dear friend of mine. I am writing because I am requesting dinner for me and my boys tonight. My husband has to work until 11 tonight and i have been sick all day long (pregnant) and honestly dont have the strength to make a meal for my babies. We havent had anything fun for a while because ive had so many complications and this would be a great treat to the boys tonight. They have been so good today with me being sick and I would be so thankful if someone could bless us!  We are located in hinesville, ga. We have a pizza hut, dominoes, papa johns!
[request] Las Vegas military dude, would love to feed the family tonight.
27 year old Air Force guy with a wife and 5 month old daughter.
Bills came and took us from underneath.
Will pay it forward as soon as I can.
(Request) two buddies working on a Sunday wondering if we may be graced by the pizza gods in Longmont Colorado
We are both redditors looking for some goodness on a day of tomfoolery.
[request]Times are really hard right now, and I need a meal.
My girlfriend and I are going through some really hard times financially. Rent is due tomorrow, and we're still two hundred dollars short. There's no food left in the cupboards, and every single cent we own needs to go to rent. 

Times are really hard. I don't think we've ever been this stressed out before, and I don't think I've ever had this many panic attacks. I am unemployed, and despite the hundreds and hundreds of applications I filled out, I remain without an income. She works hard to support us both through these hard times, but I can tell it's really wearing down on her. We went to bed without dinner last night, and I woke up to the sound of her softly sobbing into the pillow.

I don't have much to offer in return, but we can work something out. I'm a writer, maybe you need a report written or something? I own essays. I'm like Will Ferrel in Undeclared.

I need a pizza not only because we need to eat, but because I need to be reminded that we haven't bottomed out, and that things will get better. I'm losing hope, fast. 

We live in Portland, OR.
[request] My pet rat, Cheesy died today. He got his name from a pizza stoner story, help me mourn tonight.
Let me tell you about the coolest fuckin' rat ever.
He got his name because the first night I got him he jumped straight onto a double cheese pizza from papa johns, like in the damn middle and me and my friends were gassed, so this was hilarious, and hence the name Cheesy Basil. He was a righteous little dude, I'm bummed the fuck out and just miss my boy. He had a tumor on his neck and the vet told me last week there was nothing we could do, I live in central VA and it's a struggle to find help for them.
I gotta give a picture of him to you guys, 

http://imgur.com/cpz1Lks 
He always fell asleep in my lap, like, I won't ever have another little guy quite like him. Still, I had him for 6 years, and he and I had some of the best times ever. He loved to sit on my shoulder while I smoked, and I won't have my best little friEnt with me for 4/20? 
It's just going to be a sad night.
Sorry for my story, I just want a pizza to remember my lil cheesy bastard. 


[Request]
Hey everyone...I would be so honored if someone got me a pizza! I'm having a rough time right now. I'm a pre-med student and have a part-time job, but it's only giving me about 4-8 hours a week. By the time I pay my bills (which is pretty hard to do hehe), I have no money left over for groceries. A free pizza would be a lifesaver! Thanks in advance.
[Request] [UK]Two crimes in two months and some crappy dental work, my year so far sucks. Some pizza would be really appreciated.
Had my phone stolen off me twice in two months, my insurance excess is pretty **ridiculous** and have had two teeth pulled earlier this year.
Money is really tight at the moment (due to insurance and whatnot ) and a pizza would really help alleviate a bit of that and make me feel allot better.

I have been pizza'd before through a private message and have done the same to someone who seemed depressed and jaded in a unrelated subreddit.
I now have to change my whole life/routine because of the fear off seeing the same bastards again.
They are fairly local and one of them was arrested for the robbery(hence retaliation).
Police couldn't give a **single fuck** anymore as they have someone arrested even though there are still 2 others out there and I'm getting threats.
[proof of crime][redacted]

**Edit!!** Not Starving!- Can get by without (have *just enough* money to survive), Just want cheer me up pizza, that's all
[Request] Guy in the Cabin
About two months ago, myself and three friends from high school moved into a cabin in North Western Indiana, that was built by one of my friends father.  We resorted to the cabin because we all work at McDonalds and could not afford anything else.  The place needed a lot of work as no one has lived in it for fifteen years prior to us.  Raccoons had torn out most of the dry wall and even got inside the cabin.  Nonetheless we were really excited about the whole rustic feel that the cabin gave off, ...... until it started getting cold.  We have only had a few frost nights so far, but Winter is Coming.  Our Cabin is not exactly "factory sealed" and doesn't exactly have a "heater".  So as Northern Indiana's harsh winter approaches we are feverishly (literally and figuratively) trying to figure out how to heat our cabin.  If someone would like to buy us a pizza to lift our spirits we would be greatly appreciative and we will pay it forward.
[Request] California USA  Last of my money went to a processing fee so I can get into school.
I just spent $75 dollars paying to get my application seen at the school I'm applying to. I also just payed out the wazoo for a deposit for a rental house and I don't have any more money coming to me for the rest of the month. I barely have enough to make it to the end of the month, a pizza would really help. 
[Request] MONTERREY, I'm hungry :( I hope we Mexicans can help a fellow Mexican.
I live in Monterrey Mexico, yup the city of Narcos, and I would love to see if there are any Regios willing to open their hearts and invite me with a RAOP.

Muchas gracias =)
[REQUEST] A bit hungover, broke (even though I worked 45 hours this week) and hungry in Austin.
I am 23, have been in the service industry for 9 years, currently work at a sushi restaurant last night was the busiest night of the year. Worked a 12 hour shift last night drank champagne at midnight and then finished mopping the floors. I was just hitting random and stumbled upon RAOP. I THOUGHT I had 20 bucks in my bank but my netflix went through today. I got paid yesterday but the money wont hit my bank account until Tuesday morning because the owners of my place have crappy checks that the bank atm does not recognize.
If someone is gracious enough to reward me I will hold a contest Tuesday to Repay the favor. ORRRRR if you are located in Austin come into the restaurant I work at sit at the sushi bar and will give a solid hookup on some of the best sushi you will have in town. 
[Request] Nothing sad here, just a couple of hungry teenagers in Michigan.
We could just really go for some pizza right now. Obviously, we are super broke. Although it's irrelevant, it's 23 degrees outside.  
